### [2017-08-31](/news/2017/08/31/index.md)

# An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. 

Iran has remained within key limits on its nuclear activities imposed by its 2015 deal with world powers, a U.N. atomic watchdog report said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://in.reuters.com/article/iran-nuclear-iaea-idINKCN1BB26T)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170831&t=2&i=1199426859&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED7U1A9)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, nuclear program_
2. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
3. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
4. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, nuclear program_
5. [The International Atomic Energy Agency begins a new round of talks with Iran over their nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-begins-a-new-round-of-talks-with-iran-over-their-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
6. [Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), urges Iran to grant IAEA inspectors immediate access to its contentious suspected nuclear facility in Parchin. ](/news/2012/09/10/yukiya-amano-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-urges-iran-to-grant-iaea-inspectors-immediate-access-to-its-content.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
7. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report-is-based-on-empty-claims-and-that-iran-would-not.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
8. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the-serious-concerns-raised-by-the-international-atomic.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
9. [The Iranian government says the International Atomic Energy Agency spies on its nuclear program and reiterates its belief that the CIA, Mossad and MI6 murdered Majid Shahriari earlier this week. ](/news/2010/12/4/the-iranian-government-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-spies-on-its-nuclear-program-and-reiterates-its-belief-that-the-cia-moss.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
10. [Iran bans two International Atomic Energy Agency weapons inspectors from entering the country claiming they had leaked false information about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/21/iran-bans-two-international-atomic-energy-agency-weapons-inspectors-from-entering-the-country-claiming-they-had-leaked-false-information-abo.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
