### [2017-08-31](/news/2017/08/31/index.md)

# Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. 

Three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar capsized in Bangladesh and 26 bodies of women and children have been recovered, officials said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/boats-carrying-fleeing-rohingya-sink-in-bangladesh-26-dead/2017/08/31/5f5809e0-8eaf-11e7-9c53-6a169beb0953_story.html?utm_term=.b0d3254d4b90)

### Related:

1. [Bangladesh accuses the Myanmar Army of laying landmines on the border between both countries to prevent the return of fleeing Rohingya refugees. Myanmar denies the Bangladeshi claims. ](/news/2017/09/6/bangladesh-accuses-the-myanmar-army-of-laying-landmines-on-the-border-between-both-countries-to-prevent-the-return-of-fleeing-rohingya-refug.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
2. [More than 123,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh due to escalating violence by the Myanmar Army. ](/news/2017/09/5/more-than-123-000-rohingya-refugees-have-fled-myanmar-and-crossed-into-bangladesh-due-to-escalating-violence-by-the-myanmar-army.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
3. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
4. [At least 14 Rohingya people, including 10 children, fleeing violence in Myanmar are killed when their boat apparently hits a submerged object and capsizes just yards from the Bangladesh coast. ](/news/2017/09/28/at-least-14-rohingya-people-including-10-children-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-are-killed-when-their-boat-apparently-hits-a-submerged-objec.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
5. [Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina accuses the Burmese government of "atrocities" against the Rohingya people and calls for these alleged atrocities to stop. ](/news/2017/09/12/bangladeshi-prime-minister-sheikh-hasina-accuses-the-burmese-government-of-atrocities-against-the-rohingya-people-and-calls-for-these-alle.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
6. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
7. [ Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have-traveled-to-south-east-as.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya people_
8. [The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army declares a unilateral ceasefire to allow humanitarian groups to facilitate aid for Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/09/9/the-arakan-rohingya-salvation-army-declares-a-unilateral-ceasefire-to-allow-humanitarian-groups-to-facilitate-aid-for-rohingya-refugees.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Rohingya people_
9. [Bangladesh announces plans to build a giant refugee camp the size of a small city to house nearly 400,000 Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/09/16/bangladesh-announces-plans-to-build-a-giant-refugee-camp-the-size-of-a-small-city-to-house-nearly-400-000-rohingya-refugees.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya people_
10. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya people_
