### [2003-08-11](/news/2003/08/11/index.md)

#  2003 California recall: New California voter survey finds nearly two-thirds of the state's voters want a new governor.




### Related:

1. [ 2003 California recall: California Secretary of State Kevin Shelley officially certifies the recall election and he declares Arnold Schwarzenegger the Governor-Elect. The swearing-in is set to take at 11:00 am PST on Monday November 17 on the steps of the State Capitol in Sacramento, California.](/news/2003/11/14/2003-california-recall-california-secretary-of-state-kevin-shelley-officially-certifies-the-recall-election-and-he-declares-arnold-schwarz.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
2. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
3. [ California recall: The state of California held a special election to decide whether to recall Governor Gray Davis, and, if so, who to replace him with. Also on the ballot: Proposition 53, the "California Twenty-First Century Infrastructure Investment Fund," and Proposition 54, the "Racial Privacy Initiative."](/news/2003/10/7/california-recall-the-state-of-california-held-a-special-election-to-decide-whether-to-recall-governor-gray-davis-and-if-so-who-to-repl.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
4. [ California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger denies admiring Hitler. Arnold Schwarzenegger's denial comes days before the vote for the next governor of California.](/news/2003/10/3/california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-denies-admiring-hitler-arnold-schwarzenegger-s-denial-comes-days-before-the-vote-for-the-next-gov.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
5. [ California recall: Five candidates (Lt. Governor Cruz Bustamante, California state senator Tom McClintock, Peter Camejo, Peter Ueberroth and Arianna Huffington) attended the first debate held for the recall election. Arnold Schwarzenegger was criticized for not turning up at the debate. Issues such as tax and campaign finance were brought up.](/news/2003/09/3/california-recall-five-candidates-lt-governor-cruz-bustamante-california-state-senator-tom-mcclintock-peter-camejo-peter-ueberroth-an.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
6. [ California recall: An 11-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturns the earlier ruling of a three-judge panel and reinstates October 7 as the date of the California gubernatorial recall election. The American Civil Liberties Union, whose suit was responsible for the original decision, will not appeal to the Supreme Court.](/news/2003/09/23/california-recall-an-11-judge-panel-of-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-overturns-the-earlier-ruling-of-a-three-ju.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
7. [ 2003 California recall: Republican Darrell Issa, the person behind the effort of recall election of Gray Davis, quickly and without warning dropped out of the gubernatorial race.](/news/2003/08/7/2003-california-recall-republican-darrell-issa-the-person-behind-the-effort-of-recall-election-of-gray-davis-quickly-and-without-warning.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
8. [ 2003 California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger announces he will run for Governor of California in the recall election of Gray Davis.](/news/2003/08/6/2003-california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-announces-he-will-run-for-governor-of-california-in-the-recall-election-of-gray-davis.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
9. [ California recall: Republican Bill Simon drops out of the California gubernatorial recall race.](/news/2003/08/23/california-recall-republican-bill-simon-drops-out-of-the-california-gubernatorial-recall-race.md) _Context: 2003 California recall_
