### [2003-08-11](/news/2003/08/11/index.md)

#  African church leader, Archbishop Bernard Malango, states that the leaders of 600,000 Anglicans in Malawi, Botswana, Zambia and Zimbabwe informed him they would could cut ties with the United States organization unless the appointment of an openly gay bishop is overturned. The Anglican Church in Kenya also demanded a reversal.




### Related:

1. [The death toll from flooding in South Africa rises to 70 and more than 8,000 families are homeless. Five other nearby countries - Botswana, Mozambique, Namibia, Zambia and Zimbabwe - are threatened by killer heavy rains. ](/news/2011/01/22/the-death-toll-from-flooding-in-south-africa-rises-to-70-and-more-than-8-000-families-are-homeless-five-other-nearby-countries-botswana.md) _Context: Botswana, Zambia, Zimbabwe_
2. [ The presidents or heads of state of five nations, including Seretse Ian Khama of Botswana and Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, along with ministers and musical troupes gather at the cricket stadium in Oranjemund, Namibia, for a welcoming ceremony at the conclusion of explorer Kingsley Holgate's latest expedition, which took him through nine countries. ](/news/2009/08/21/the-presidents-or-heads-of-state-of-five-nations-including-seretse-ian-khama-of-botswana-and-robert-mugabe-of-zimbabwe-along-with-ministe.md) _Context: Botswana, Zimbabwe_
3. [ Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai flies to Botswana for medical treatment following a car accident in Harare in which his wife was killed. ](/news/2009/03/7/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-flies-to-botswana-for-medical-treatment-following-a-car-accident-in-harare-in-which-his-wife-wa.md) _Context: Botswana, Zimbabwe_
4. [ Archbishop Pius Ncube, head of the Catholic church in Zimbabwe, calls on the British government to invade Zimbabwe and overthrow President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2007/06/30/archbishop-pius-ncube-head-of-the-catholic-church-in-zimbabwe-calls-on-the-british-government-to-invade-zimbabwe-and-overthrow-president.md) _Context: Archbishop, Zimbabwe_
5. [ Zimbabwe's Roman Catholic bishops call on the President of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe to stand down or face "open revolt" in a message posted on church bulletin boards across the country. ](/news/2007/04/8/zimbabwe-s-roman-catholic-bishops-call-on-the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-to-stand-down-or-face-open-revolt-in-a-message-posted-o.md) _Context: Zimbabwe, church_
6. [ Zambian archbishop Emmanuel Milingo is excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church by Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2006/09/26/zambian-archbishop-emmanuel-milingo-is-excommunicated-from-the-roman-catholic-church-by-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Archbishop, Zambia_
7. [ In Zimbabwe, archbishop Pius Ncube calls for peaceful uprising against the government of Robert Mugabe. Government denounces his criticism. ](/news/2005/03/28/in-zimbabwe-archbishop-pius-ncube-calls-for-peaceful-uprising-against-the-government-of-robert-mugabe-government-denounces-his-criticism.md) _Context: Archbishop, Zimbabwe_
8. [Seven schoolgirls are killed and ten hospitalised after a fire at the Moi Girls School in Nairobi, Kenya. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-schoolgirls-are-killed-and-ten-hospitalised-after-a-fire-at-the-moi-girls-school-in-nairobi-kenya.md) _Context: Kenya_
9. [Voters in Kenya go to the polls to elect the President, as well as members of the National Assembly and Senate. ](/news/2017/08/8/voters-in-kenya-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-as-well-as-members-of-the-national-assembly-and-senate.md) _Context: Kenya_
10. [USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earlier-as.md) _Context: Kenya_
