### [2003-08-11](/news/2003/08/11/index.md)

#  European heat wave: Parisian health authorities charge that fifty people have died in Paris owing to the heat wave, particularly elderly people, and that the government is ignoring the crisis. In Catalonia, five people from one family are killed by a wildfire that encircles their home. Four villages are evacuated in the Algarve.




### Related:

1. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalonia_
2. [A last minute presentation to the parliament of Catalonia results in the formal approval of a referendum concerning independence from Spain. Though the country's president urges the government to ignore the bill, parliament is expected to vote in favor of an independence vote. ](/news/2017/09/6/a-last-minute-presentation-to-the-parliament-of-catalonia-results-in-the-formal-approval-of-a-referendum-concerning-independence-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalonia_
3. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalonia_
4. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Catalonia_
5. [Catalan police in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. ](/news/2017/08/18/catalan-police-in-the-coastal-town-of-cambrils-kill-five-suspected-terrorists-in-a-counter-terror-operation-to-stop-a-second-van-attack-the.md) _Context: Catalonia_
6. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: heat wave_
7. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: heat wave_
8. [A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-by-the-el-nia-o-season-tem.md) _Context: heat wave_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalonia_
10. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalonia_
