### [2003-08-11](/news/2003/08/11/index.md)

#  Liberian president Charles Taylor resigns. He is replaced by vice-president Moses Blah.




### Related:

1. [ Liberian crisis: President Charles Taylor resigns as Nigerian peacekeepers entered Liberia. Taylor names his vice president, Moses Blah, as his successor. Peacekeepers intercepted an arms shipment to Liberia from Libya. Taylor, who is indicted for war crimes, indicates that he will seek political asylum in Nigeria.](/news/2003/08/7/liberian-crisis-president-charles-taylor-resigns-as-nigerian-peacekeepers-entered-liberia-taylor-names-his-vice-president-moses-blah-as.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Moses Blah_
2. [ The government of Liberia submits a bill to the Parliament which would allow the seizure of the assets of former President Charles G. Taylor, his relatives and associates. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-government-of-liberia-submits-a-bill-to-the-parliament-which-would-allow-the-seizure-of-the-assets-of-former-president-charles-g-taylo.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
3. [ The United Kingdom agrees to jail former Liberian president Charles Taylor if he is convicted, removing a key obstacle to a proposed trial to be held at The Hague under the auspices of the Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/06/15/the-united-kingdom-agrees-to-jail-former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-if-he-is-convicted-removing-a-key-obstacle-to-a-proposed-trial.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
4. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is captured after disappearing in Nigeria and is extradited to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/29/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-is-captured-after-disappearing-in-nigeria-and-is-extradited-to-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
5. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor disappears after Nigeria agrees to extradite him to face war crime charges in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/28/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-disappears-after-nigeria-agrees-to-extradite-him-to-face-war-crime-charges-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
6. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January.](/news/2005/05/3/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-is.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
7. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane (prosecutor) claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January. ](/news/2005/05/2/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-prosecutor-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
8. [ Dutch lumber merchant Guus van Kouwenhoven is charged with war crimes and arms smuggling to then-president Charles Taylor during civil war in Liberia ](/news/2005/03/21/dutch-lumber-merchant-guus-van-kouwenhoven-is-charged-with-war-crimes-and-arms-smuggling-to-then-president-charles-taylor-during-civil-war.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
9. [ Liberian President and convicted war criminal Charles Taylor, who is to step down tomorrow, has appealed to rebels to "submit to the democratic process'". He also accuses the United States of funding the rebels who have besieged the capital, Monrovia, for a week.](/news/2003/08/10/liberian-president-and-convicted-war-criminal-charles-taylor-who-is-to-step-down-tomorrow-has-appealed-to-rebels-to-submit-to-the-democr.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
10. [ Fighting continues and the death toll rises in Liberia as rebels move into Monrovia to depose President Charles Taylor.](/news/2003/07/22/fighting-continues-and-the-death-toll-rises-in-liberia-as-rebels-move-into-monrovia-to-depose-president-charles-taylor.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
