### [2017-01-11](/news/2017/01/11/index.md)

#  President-elect of the United States Donald Trump holds his first post-election press conference in New York City. 

The president-elect is sure be asked about unverified reports that Russia has gathered potentially compromising information on him


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-holds-first-post-election-press-conference-live-updates/)

### Related:

1. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
2. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
3. [ After a meeting with President-elect of the United States Donald Trump, Masayoshi Son of SoftBank Group pledges to invest $50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 jobs. ](/news/2016/12/6/after-a-meeting-with-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-masayoshi-son-of-softbank-group-pledges-to-invest-50-billion-in-th.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
4. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
5. [President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory-reform.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
6. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
8. [President-elect Donald Trump says he sees no reason why the U.S. should continue to abide by the One China policy unless a bargain is reached with Beijing involving trade. ](/news/2016/12/12/president-elect-donald-trump-says-he-sees-no-reason-why-the-u-s-should-continue-to-abide-by-the-one-china-policy-unless-a-bargain-is-reache.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
10. [President-elect Donald Trump names South Carolina governor Nikki Haley as United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2016/11/23/president-elect-donald-trump-names-south-carolina-governor-nikki-haley-as-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations.md) _Context: President Trump, President-elect_
