### [2017-01-11](/news/2017/01/11/index.md)

# The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction releases a report on Afghanistan, saying that the Afghan Armed Forces are not capable of securing the country and have lost more territory to the Taliban, the most since the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/a/afghanistan-forces-unable-to-secure-country/28226302.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, military personnel_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, military personnel_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban kill 22 policemen and kidnap 19 others, including the district-s security chief, during clashes with Afghan troops who kill 12 of the insurgents in the battle in Faryab Province in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-kill-22-policemen-and-kidnap-19-others-including-the-district-s-security-chief-during-c.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, military personnel_
4. [War in Afghanistan: According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
6. [2017 Camp Shaheen attack: The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-camp-shaheen-attack-the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-sha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Camp Shaheen attack: Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
10. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
