### [2017-01-11](/news/2017/01/11/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan: At least 11 people are killed in a bombing in Kandahar, including five UAE diplomats. 

Bombing in Kandahar kills seven people, including five UAE diplomats, and wounds Ambassador Juma al-Kaabi.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/uae-ambassador-afghanistan-wounded-kandahar-blast-170110172931399.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: Five US soldiers are killed when a bomb detonates in Kandahar, Afghanistan. Additionally, three more are killed in separate incidents. ](/news/2013/05/4/war-in-afghanistan-five-us-soldiers-are-killed-when-a-bomb-detonates-in-kandahar-afghanistan-additionally-three-more-are-killed-in-separ.md) _Context: Kandahar, War in Afghanistan_
2. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire: A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
3. [War in Afghanistan: New Zealand announces the stationing of three more non-combat military personnel in Afghanistan, boosting its military commitment to 13. ](/news/2017/08/25/war-in-afghanistan-new-zealand-announces-the-stationing-of-three-more-non-combat-military-personnel-in-afghanistan-boosting-its-military-c.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan: A suicide bomber kills two American troops near the Kandahar International Airport in Afghanistan. The Taliban insurgency claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/2/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-two-american-troops-near-the-kandahar-international-airport-in-afghanistan-the-taliban-insurgenc.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan_
5. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [War in Afghanistan: According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan_
7. [War in Afghanistan: A suicide car bombing in the western part of Kabul kills at least 24 and injures more than 40 people. Afghan authorities say the target of the attack was a bus of civilian government workers from the Ministry of Mines and Petroleum. ](/news/2017/07/24/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-car-bombing-in-the-western-part-of-kabul-kills-at-least-24-and-injures-more-than-40-people-afghan-authorities.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Herat bombing: An explosion occurs near police offices and a mosque in Herat, killing at least ten people. ](/news/2017/06/6/war-in-afghanistan-2017-herat-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-near-police-offices-and-a-mosque-in-herat-killing-at-least-ten-people.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
