### [2013-05-28](/news/2013/05/28/index.md)

# A boat carrying 100 passengers capsizes in the Rajang River in Malaysia's Sarawak state with over 20 passengers missing. 

Twenty-one people were missing after an overloaded boat carrying an estimated 100 passengers capsized Tuesday in a remote Malaysian jungle river, police and a local official said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/boat-with-a-hundred-passengers-capsize-in-malaysia-several-reported-missing-372226)
2. [BNO via Wire Update](http://wireupdate.com/boat-carrying-more-than-200-capsizes-in-malaysia-21-missing.html)

### Related:

1. [In Malaysia, Sarawak voters go to the polls for a state election. ](/news/2016/05/7/in-malaysia-sarawak-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sarawak_
2. [Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak dissolves parliament and advises all the state governments, except Negeri Sembilan and Sarawak to do the same, in preparation for general election. ](/news/2013/04/3/malaysia-s-prime-minister-najib-razak-dissolves-parliament-and-advises-all-the-state-governments-except-negeri-sembilan-and-sarawak-to-do-t.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sarawak_
3. [The ruling National Front coalition in Malaysia win an election in the country's largest state Sarawak. ](/news/2011/04/16/the-ruling-national-front-coalition-in-malaysia-win-an-election-in-the-country-s-largest-state-sarawak.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sarawak_
4. [The Malaysiakini Malaysian news website is attacked ahead of elections in Sarawak. ](/news/2011/04/13/the-malaysiakini-malaysian-news-website-is-attacked-ahead-of-elections-in-sarawak.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sarawak_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
6. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-alleged-assassination-of-kim-jong-nam-by-north-korean-agen.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Kim Jong-nam, eldest son of Kim Jong-il, is assassinated in Malaysia after two unidentified women reportedly poisoned him at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. ](/news/2017/02/13/kim-jong-nam-eldest-son-of-kim-jong-il-is-assassinated-in-malaysia-after-two-unidentified-women-reportedly-poisoned-him-at-kuala-lumpur-in.md) _Context: Malaysia_
