### [2013-05-28](/news/2013/05/28/index.md)

# France reports its first death from the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus as Saudi Arabia advises of five new cases. 

France reported its first death from the new SARS-like coronavirus on Tuesday and Saudi Arabia, where the virus first emerged last year, said there were five new cases.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/05/29/uk-coronavirus-france-idUKBRE94R0Y320130529)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. ](/news/2015/10/29/saudi-arabian-blogger-raif-badawi-who-has-been-sentenced-to-1-000-lashes-and-10-years-in-jail-for-insulting-islam-and-for-cyber-crime-wins.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
4. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali flees with his family to Saudi Arabia, after being rejected by France. ](/news/2011/01/15/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pformer-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-flees-with-his-family-to-saudi-arabia-after-being-reject.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
5. [French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux states that Saudi Arabia has warned that Al-Qaeda is targeting Europe particularly France. ](/news/2010/10/17/french-interior-minister-brice-hortefeux-states-that-saudi-arabia-has-warned-that-al-qaeda-is-targeting-europe-particularly-france.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
6. [ French authorities are investigating reports that Osama bin Laden has died of typhoid after a leaked French secret service report. ''Time'' magazine also cites an unknown Saudi Arabian source that Bin Laden had a waterborne disease and may be dead. However, French and U.S. authorities are unable to confirm these reports. ](/news/2006/09/23/french-authorities-are-investigating-reports-that-osama-bin-laden-has-died-of-typhoid-after-a-leaked-french-secret-service-report-time.md) _Context: France, Saudi Arabia_
7. [A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer.  Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-france-is-shot-and-wounde.md) _Context: France_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: France_
10. [France bans the breeding of killer whales and dolphins in captivity and orders aquariums and water parks to expand their pools within three years following a campaign by animal rights groups. ](/news/2017/05/7/france-bans-the-breeding-of-killer-whales-and-dolphins-in-captivity-and-orders-aquariums-and-water-parks-to-expand-their-pools-within-three.md) _Context: France_
