### [2013-05-28](/news/2013/05/28/index.md)

# The United States launches a prosecution against Liberty Reserve, based in Costa Rica, for money laundering worth $6 billion. 

US prosecutors have announced what they say is the biggest international money laundering prosecution in history - a $US6 billion trail that allegedly includes $US36.9 million deposited in Westpac Bank accounts in Australia.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/it-pro/security-it/westpac-caught-up-in-worlds-biggest-money-laundering-sting-20130529-2naa8.html)

### Related:

1. [Nicaragua deploys its military to help close its southern border in a dispute with Costa Rica over the passage of Cuban migrants on their way to the United States. Nicaragua's government said Costa Rica's decision to grant seven-day transit visas to 1,200 Cuban migrants who entered the country through Panama, "violated national sovereignty". Nicaraguan troops and riot police fired tear gas at people attempting to enter in what Costa Rica called a "humanitarian crisis". ](/news/2015/11/16/nicaragua-deploys-its-military-to-help-close-its-southern-border-in-a-dispute-with-costa-rica-over-the-passage-of-cuban-migrants-on-their-wa.md) _Context: Costa Rica, United States_
2. [A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-manhattan-federal-court-convicts-ross-ulbricht-aka-dread-pirate-roberts-the-owner-of-the-silk-road-deep-web-illicit-products-website.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
3. [Mexican drug cartel kingpin Benjamn Arellano Flix pleads guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money in the United States. ](/news/2012/01/4/mexican-drug-cartel-kingpin-benjamin-arellano-felix-pleads-guilty-to-racketeering-and-conspiracy-to-launder-money-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
4. [The extradiction of alleged arms dealer Viktor Bout from Thailand to the United States moves a step closer after a Thai court dismisses money laundering charges against him. ](/news/2010/10/5/the-extradiction-of-alleged-arms-dealer-viktor-bout-from-thailand-to-the-united-states-moves-a-step-closer-after-a-thai-court-dismisses-mone.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
5. [United States investigators associated with INTERPOL track 200 bank accounts associated with alleged North Korean drug smuggling, counterfeiting, money laundering and arms trafficking. ](/news/2010/07/26/united-states-investigators-associated-with-interpol-track-200-bank-accounts-associated-with-alleged-north-korean-drug-smuggling-counterfei.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
6. [ The United States and Mexico pledge $1.4 billion for the Merida Initiative, a security cooperation for combating drug trade, transnational crime, and money laundering. ](/news/2008/12/22/the-united-states-and-mexico-pledge-1-4-billion-for-the-ma-c-rida-initiative-a-security-cooperation-for-combating-drug-trade-transnational.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
7. [ Former United States Olympic sprinter Tim Montgomery is sentenced to 46 months imprisonment for his involvement in a check fraud and money laundering scheme. ](/news/2008/05/16/former-united-states-olympic-sprinter-tim-montgomery-is-sentenced-to-46-months-imprisonment-for-his-involvement-in-a-check-fraud-and-money.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
8. [ U.S. Representative Tom DeLay is indicted on a charge of money laundering. ](/news/2005/10/3/u-s-representative-tom-delay-is-indicted-on-a-charge-of-money-laundering.md) _Context: United States, money laundering_
9. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: United States_
