### [2003-07-28](/news/2003/07/28/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council appoints Harri Holkeri to head the temporary civilian administration UNMIK in Kosovo.




### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Security Council gave the green light to a plan by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the deployment of an EU civilian police and justice mission in Kosovo.](/news/2008/11/26/the-united-nations-security-council-gave-the-green-light-to-a-plan-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-on-the-deployment-of-an-eu-civilian.md) _Context: Kosovo, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ Serbian Minister on Kosovo Slobodan Samardzic submits to UNMIK a plan suggesting Kosovo's division into cantons along ethnic lines. ](/news/2008/04/3/serbian-minister-on-kosovo-slobodan-samarda3-4ia-submits-to-unmik-a-plan-suggesting-kosovo-s-division-into-cantons-along-ethnic-lines.md) _Context: Kosovo, UNMIK_
3. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
5. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [Voters in Kosovo go to the polls for a snap election to replace the government of Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, who was removed from office in a no-confidence motion last month. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-kosovo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-to-replace-the-government-of-prime-minister-isa-mustafa-who-was-removed-from-office-in.md) _Context: Kosovo_
10. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
