### [2010-06-18](/news/2010/06/18/index.md)

# Indian Muslim television preacher Zakir Naik is banned from entry into the United Kingdom for what is described as "unacceptable behaviour". He was due to lecture in Sheffield and London. 

An Indian preacher has been banned from entering the UK for his &quot;unacceptable behaviour&quot;, the home secretary says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk/10349564.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE65H35F20100618?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
3. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/2010/06/19/stories/2010061951342400.htm)
4. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Britain-bans-Islamic-preacher-Zakir-Naik/articleshow/6064154.cms)

### Related:

1. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
2. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
3. [AMC Theatres is purchasing  London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about PS921 million  ($1.21 billion). AMC   has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States.  Odeon & UCI  has  242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland.  AMC noted its $1.1 billion (PS835 million) acquisition of  Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-aps921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-t.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
5. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
6. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
7. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Muslim, United Kingdom_
8. [Tens of thousands of junior doctors rally in London (UK) near Pall Mall to protest contract changes that will reclassify their normal working week to include Saturdays and late evenings, and the government's threat to impose a new contract. ](/news/2015/10/18/tens-of-thousands-of-junior-doctors-rally-in-london-uk-near-pall-mall-to-protest-contract-changes-that-will-reclassify-their-normal-workin.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
9. [Surrounding areas of Wembley Stadium, London, UK have been evacuated following the discovery by construction crews of a still-live World War II-era 50-kg (110-llb) conventional-explosive bomb, a remnant of the Blitz. ](/news/2015/05/22/surrounding-areas-of-wembley-stadium-london-uk-have-been-evacuated-following-the-discovery-by-construction-crews-of-a-still-live-world-war.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
10. [A clash with Hindu villagers in Sarayian village in India's Bihar state leaves at least three Muslim villagers burned to death. ](/news/2015/01/18/a-clash-with-hindu-villagers-in-sarayian-village-in-india-s-bihar-state-leaves-at-least-three-muslim-villagers-burned-to-death.md) _Context: India, Muslim_
