### [2010-06-18](/news/2010/06/18/index.md)

# The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. 




### Source:

1. [Warsawvoice.pl](http://www.warsawvoice.pl/WVpage/pages/article.php/12951/news)

### Related:

1. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczyński, Polish presidential election, 2010, the death_
2. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that  was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appr.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice_
3. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice, Lech Kaczyński_
4. [Bronislaw Komorowski is officially sworn in as President of Poland, following the death of President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash in April. ](/news/2010/08/6/bronisaaw-komorowski-is-officially-sworn-in-as-president-of-poland-following-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-in-ap.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Bronisław Komorowski, Lech Kaczyński_
5. [Bronislaw Komorowski has won the election having received 53.01% of the vote. Opponent Jaroslaw Kaczynski has 46.99% of the vote. ](/news/2010/07/5/bronisaaw-komorowski-has-won-the-election-having-received-53-01-of-the-vote-opponent-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-has-46-99-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Bronisław Komorowski, Jarosław Kaczyński, Polish presidential election, 2010_
6. [Bronislaw Komorowski and Jaroslaw Kaczynski face each other on 4 July after Sunday's inconclusive vote in Polish presidential election, 2010. ](/news/2010/06/21/bronisaaw-komorowski-and-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-face-each-other-on-4-july-after-sunday-s-inconclusive-vote-in-polish-presidential-election-2.md) _Context: Bronisław Komorowski, Jarosław Kaczyński, Polish presidential election, 2010_
7. [Poland announces the date of its presidential election &mdash; June 20 &mdash; to elect plane crash victim Lech Kaczynski's successor. ](/news/2010/04/21/poland-announces-the-date-of-its-presidential-election-mdash-june-20-mdash-to-elect-plane-crash-victim-lech-kaczyaski-s-successor.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczyński, Polish presidential election, 2010_
8. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-ppolish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczyński, Smolensk_
9. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-pthe-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczyński, Smolensk_
10. [ Polish Prime Minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz has resigned. His party Law and Justice has recommended the post be taken over by its chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is the identical twin brother of President Lech Kaczynski. ](/news/2006/07/7/polish-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-has-resigned-his-party-law-and-justice-has-recommended-the-post-be-taken-over-by-its-chairma.md) _Context: Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice, Lech Kaczyński_
