### [2015-09-2](/news/2015/09/2/index.md)

# A car bomb kills at least seven people in the Latakia Governorate. 

At least ten people were killed and scores wounded when a car bomb exploded in the Syrian city of Latakia Wednesday, state television said, in a rare attack in a coastal stronghold of President Bashar al-Assad.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Sep-02/313689-car-bomb-kills-seven-in-syrias-latakia-state-media.ashx#.VebOksUZv9U.twitter)

### Related:

1. [At least 10 people are killed and nine others are wounded following a car bomb attack in Tell Abyad, near the Syria-Turkey border, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/06/29/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-nine-others-are-wounded-following-a-car-bomb-attack-in-tell-abyad-near-the-syriaaturkey-border-accordi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, car bomb_
2. [At least eight people are reportedly killed as a car bomb explodes at a checkpoint south of Damascus. ](/news/2016/04/25/at-least-eight-people-are-reportedly-killed-as-a-car-bomb-explodes-at-a-checkpoint-south-of-damascus.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, car bomb_
3. [Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. ](/news/2016/04/18/syrian-rebels-launch-new-offensives-against-government-forces-in-the-country-s-latakia-governorate-and-hama-governorate-several-rebel-group.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, says it has captured the town of Kinsabba in the northwest Latakia Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/18/the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-says-it-has-captured-the-town-of-kinsabba-in-the-northwest-latakia-governorate.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Syrian Army takes control of the strategic Turkmen town of Rabia in Syria's Latakia Governorate. The town had been under rebel control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/24/the-syrian-army-takes-control-of-the-strategic-turkmen-town-of-rabia-in-syria-s-latakia-governorate-the-town-had-been-under-rebel-control-s.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, retakes control of the strategic town of Salma in the northern Latakia Governorate. The town had been mostly under rebel (FSA) and jihadist (Al-Nusra Front) control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/12/the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-retakes-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-salma-in-the-northern-latakia-governorate-the-town.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
7. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-five-people-have-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
