### [2015-09-2](/news/2015/09/2/index.md)

# A French probe into the death of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in 2004 closes without bringing any new information. 

French&#x20;judges&#x20;investigating&#x20;claims&#x20;that&#x20;Palestinian&#x20;leader&#x20;Yasser&#x20;Arafat&#x20;was&#x20;murdered&#x20;have&#x20;closed&#x20;the&#x20;case&#x20;without&#x20;bringing&#x20;any&#x20;charges,&#x20;a&#x20;prosecutor&#x20;said&#x20;Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Wires via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150902-french-probe-finds-no-case-answer-arafat-death?ns_campaign=reseaux_sociaux&ns_source=twitter&ns_mchannel=social&ns_linkname=editorial&aef_campaign_ref=partage_aef&aef_campaign_date=2015-09-02&dlvrit=66745)

### Related:

1. [Reports indicate that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had high levels of polonium in his body when he died. ](/news/2013/11/8/reports-indicate-that-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-had-high-levels-of-polonium-in-his-body-when-he-died.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
2. [The remains of Yasser Arafat are exhumed as part of an investigation into how the Palestinian leader died in November 2004. ](/news/2012/11/27/the-remains-of-yasser-arafat-are-exhumed-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-how-the-palestinian-leader-died-in-november-2004.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
3. [Palestinian officials announce the body of former leader Yasser Arafat will be exhumed to investigate whether his death in Paris in 2004 was caused by poisoning. ](/news/2012/11/24/palestinian-officials-announce-the-body-of-former-leader-yasser-arafat-will-be-exhumed-to-investigate-whether-his-death-in-paris-in-2004-was.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
4. [French officials open up a murder case in the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat following a "complaint against X" by his widow. ](/news/2012/08/28/french-officials-open-up-a-murder-case-in-the-death-of-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-following-a-complaint-against-x-by-his-widow.md) _Context: France, Yasser Arafat_
5. [Hamas executions by firing squad of Palestinians accused of aiding Israel is condemned as murder by France, and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navi Pillay, urges Hamas to halt plans for further killings. ](/news/2010/04/19/hamas-executions-by-firing-squad-of-palestinians-accused-of-aiding-israel-is-condemned-as-murder-by-france-and-the-un-high-commissioner-for.md) _Context: France, Palestinian_
6. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Road map for peace: Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz states he favors expelling Palestinian President Yasser Arafat by the end of the year, because Arafat is obstructing the United States led peace plan. Arafat denies the statement and says he backs the peace plan (though he refuses to release control of Palestinian security services to reformer Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to stop militant group attacks as mandated by the plan). Palestinian leaders call Defense Minister's remarks inflammatory.](/news/2003/09/2/road-map-for-peace-israeli-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-states-he-favors-expelling-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-by-the-end-of-the-y.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat calls on militant groups to reinstate a ceasefire they formally ended last week after a Hamas leader was killed by Israeli gunships.](/news/2003/08/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-calls-on-militant-groups-to-reinstate-a-ceasefire-they-formally-ended-last-w.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
