### [2015-09-2](/news/2015/09/2/index.md)

# President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/88e420bc926143f086b5a5c0db561949/obama-locking-votes-senate-iran-nuclear-deal)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
2. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama's death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitionas-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
3. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President of the United States_
4. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
5. [The United States Senate approves a motion giving President Barack Obama fast track authority to complete trade negotiations with 11 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-united-states-senate-approves-a-motion-giving-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-to-complete-trade-negotiations-with-11-countri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
6. [The United States Senate passes legislation to allow President Barack Obama to fast track trade negotiations with other countries. ](/news/2015/05/22/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-allow-president-barack-obama-to-fast-track-trade-negotiations-with-other-countries.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President of the United States_
8. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
9. [King Salman of Saudi Arabia will not meet with President of the United States Barack Obama at Camp David or at a summit meeting sending senior Ministers instead reportedly due to disagreement over a nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/05/10/king-salman-of-saudi-arabia-will-not-meet-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-camp-david-or-at-a-summit-meeting-sending-seni.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President of the United States_
10. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
