### [2013-02-12](/news/2013/02/12/index.md)

# Prince Sattam bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, a member of the House of Saud and the governor of the Riyadh Province, dies at the age of 72 in Riyadh. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2013/02/12/265909.html)

### Related:

1. [In Riyadh, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Saudi Arabia's King Salman sign five agreements, including plans to increase investments, and to cooperate in intelligence sharing. ](/news/2016/04/3/in-riyadh-india-s-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-saudi-arabia-s-king-salman-sign-five-agreements-including-plans-to-increase-investments.md) _Context: Riyadh_
2. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Saudi Royal Family_
3. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Riyadh_
4. [Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) says Saudi Arabia is at risk of becoming a major destabilizing influence in the Arab world due to the diplomatic stance of some senior members of the House of Saud. ](/news/2015/12/3/germany-s-federal-intelligence-service-bnd-says-saudi-arabia-is-at-risk-of-becoming-a-major-destabilizing-influence-in-the-arab-world-due.md) _Context: Saudi Royal Family_
5. [Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country's ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia's military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terrorist-alliance-and-that-p.md) _Context: Riyadh_
6. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Riyadh_
7. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Riyadh_
8. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end  Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with  a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Riyadh_
9. [A member of the Saudi Royal Family and four other people are detained in Lebanon for attempting to smuggle about two tons of Captagon pills and some cocaine on a private jet. This is the largest drug seizure in the history of Beirut's Rafik Hariri International Airport, according to Lebanon's state-run National News Agency. ](/news/2015/10/26/a-member-of-the-saudi-royal-family-and-four-other-people-are-detained-in-lebanon-for-attempting-to-smuggle-about-two-tons-of-captagon-pills.md) _Context: Saudi Royal Family_
10. [Five people are sentenced to death and 37 others given prison sentences for their roles in the 2003 bombings in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2014/04/21/five-people-are-sentenced-to-death-and-37-others-given-prison-sentences-for-their-roles-in-the-2003-bombings-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Riyadh_
