### [2013-02-12](/news/2013/02/12/index.md)

# Three people are killed in a drug-related shooting in a house in Midvale, Utah, United States. 

Police say three people were shot to death and a fourth person was critically wounded in the Midvale shooting that took place Tuesday morning


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504083_162-57568965-504083/utah-house-shooting-update-house-where-three-were-shot-dead-is-linked-to-narcotics-police-say/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
2. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
3. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-a-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
4. [Same-sex marriage becomes legal in the U.S. state of Utah, and gay couples begin receiving marriage licenses, after a federal judge strikes down a provision of the Utah Constitution. ](/news/2013/12/20/same-sex-marriage-becomes-legal-in-the-u-s-state-of-utah-and-gay-couples-begin-receiving-marriage-licenses-after-a-federal-judge-strikes.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
5. [An autopsy finds that the death of United States actor Gary Coleman in Salt Lake City, Utah was an accident. ](/news/2010/10/6/an-autopsy-finds-that-the-death-of-united-states-actor-gary-coleman-in-salt-lake-city-utah-was-an-accident.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
6. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
7. [U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-through-north-america-it-is-the-fir.md) _Context: United States_
9. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: United States_
