### [2010-02-18](/news/2010/02/18/index.md)

# The UK's Press Complaints Commission rejects a complaint by the husband of Stephen Gately about Jan Moir's ''Daily Mail'' article following his death but its head calls Moir's writing "extremely distasteful". 

A complaint that a newspaper article about the death of Stephen Gately was inaccurate, intrusive &amp; discriminatory has been rejected.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/8521105.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0218/gatelys.html)

### Related:

1. [ Scotland Yard investigates a complaint about an article by Jan Moir in the UK's ''Daily Mail'' tabloid concerning her views on the death of Boyzone singer Stephen Gately. ](/news/2009/10/18/scotland-yard-investigates-a-complaint-about-an-article-by-jan-moir-in-the-uk-s-daily-mail-tabloid-concerning-her-views-on-the-death-of.md) _Context: Daily Mail, Jan Moir, Stephen Gately_
2. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
3. [Thousands of people sign an online petition requesting the ''Daily Mail'' to sack its controversial columnist Richard Littlejohn after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/26/thousands-of-people-sign-an-online-petition-requesting-the-daily-mail-to-sack-its-controversial-columnist-richard-littlejohn-after-the-p.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
4. [Hundreds of people gather outside ''Daily Mail'' headquarters to hold a vigil after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/25/hundreds-of-people-gather-outside-daily-mail-headquarters-to-hold-a-vigil-after-the-possible-hounding-to-death-of-a-primary-school-teach.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
5. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the ''Daily Mail'' and ''Mail on Sunday'', is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
6. [After a five-day trial in the High Court, 27-year-old assistant tutor Luke Cooper, who is completing a PhD in international relations at the University of Sussex, is awarded 35,000 over a front page ''Evening Standard'' article and 25,000 over a follow-up piece in the ''Daily Mail''. These articles threatened his future academic prospects during the November 2010 march against government cuts. ](/news/2012/06/23/after-a-five-day-trial-in-the-high-court-27-year-old-assistant-tutor-luke-cooper-who-is-completing-a-phd-in-international-relations-at-the.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
7. [Banking scion Nat Rothschild loses his libel action against the ''Daily Mail'' for a statement that he is "puppet master" for Peter Mandelson and Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska. ](/news/2012/02/10/banking-scion-nat-rothschild-loses-his-libel-action-against-the-daily-mail-for-a-statement-that-he-is-puppet-master-for-peter-mandelso.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
8. [The Middleton family make a complaint to the Press Complaints Commission after pictures of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and her sister Pippa Middleton in beachwear appear in four newspapers. ](/news/2011/05/10/the-middleton-family-make-a-complaint-to-the-press-complaints-commission-after-pictures-of-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-and-her-sister-pi.md) _Context: Press Complaints Commission_
9. [The British Press Complaints Commission has ruled that the ''Daily Telegraph'' breached rules on the use of subterfuge when it sent reporters to secretly tape Liberal Democrat ministers, including Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, late last year. ](/news/2011/05/10/the-british-press-complaints-commission-has-ruled-that-the-daily-telegraph-breached-rules-on-the-use-of-subterfuge-when-it-sent-reporter.md) _Context: Press Complaints Commission_
10. [Sports presenter Clare Balding makes an official complaint to the UK's Press Complaints Commission (PCC) over an article mocking her sexuality in ''The Sunday Times''. ](/news/2010/07/30/sports-presenter-clare-balding-makes-an-official-complaint-to-the-uk-s-press-complaints-commission-pcc-over-an-article-mocking-her-sexuali.md) _Context: Press Complaints Commission_
