### [2016-11-20](/news/2016/11/20/index.md)

# At least 8 people are killed and more than a dozen others are injured following an attack on Tatmadaw checkpoints, police outposts and the 105th Mile Trade Center by several insurgent groups in Muse, Shan State. The State Counselor's office issues a statement claiming that the Kachin Independence Army, Ta'ang National Liberation Army and Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army were involved in the attack. 




### Source:

1. [Anadolu](http://aa.com.tr/en/asia-pacific/curfew-imposed-after-clashes-near-myanmar-china-border/689281)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: Myanmar's military, police_
2. [According to the government of Myanmar, at least 30 people are killed in an attack on various police, military, and government installations by the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army in Laukkai. Four police officers were also taken hostage. ](/news/2017/03/6/according-to-the-government-of-myanmar-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-various-police-military-and-government-installations.md) _Context: Internal conflict in Myanmar_
3. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Myanmar State Counsellor_
5. [Eight people are killed and 36 are arrested in clashes between the Myanmar Army and what are believed to be Rohingya insurgents in Rakhine State. ](/news/2016/11/13/eight-people-are-killed-and-36-are-arrested-in-clashes-between-the-myanmar-army-and-what-are-believed-to-be-rohingya-insurgents-in-rakhine-s.md) _Context: Internal conflict in Myanmar_
6. [The four-day death toll from fighting in Rakhine State stands at 39, including 13 army and police personnel. ](/news/2016/10/12/the-four-day-death-toll-from-fighting-in-rakhine-state-stands-at-39-including-13-army-and-police-personnel.md) _Context: police_
7. [A series of attacks in Rakhine State kill nine police officers and eight militants. ](/news/2016/10/10/a-series-of-attacks-in-rakhine-state-kill-nine-police-officers-and-eight-militants.md) _Context: police_
8. [A Myanmar court releases 69 jailed student activists in the first wave of amnesty for the country's political prisoners, with more releases expected. This comes after State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi vowed to push for the release of all the political prisoners in Myanmar. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-myanmar-court-releases-69-jailed-student-activists-in-the-first-wave-of-amnesty-for-the-country-s-political-prisoners-with-more-releases.md) _Context: Myanmar State Counsellor_
9. [Aung San Suu Kyi, now the State Counsellor of Myanmar, says she will press for the release of political prisoners and student activists in the country, hinting that a mass amnesty may be imminent, a week after her government took power. ](/news/2016/04/7/aung-san-suu-kyi-now-the-state-counsellor-of-myanmar-says-she-will-press-for-the-release-of-political-prisoners-and-student-activists-in-t.md) _Context: Myanmar State Counsellor_
10. [Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military chief, pledges to work with the new civilian government that takes over the Southeast Asian country next week, after 54 years of direct or indirect rule by the military. ](/news/2016/03/27/senior-general-min-aung-hlaing-myanmar-s-military-chief-pledges-to-work-with-the-new-civilian-government-that-takes-over-the-southeast-asi.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
