### [2016-11-20](/news/2016/11/20/index.md)

# French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans hold a primary election to select a candidate for next year's election. Partial results indicate that a second round of voting will occur with Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe as the two candidates in the second round. 

French conservatives vote on a presidential candidate, with ex-President Sarkozy facing defeat.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38040847)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-election-idUSKBN13F04E)

### Related:

1. [The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. A second-round runoff takes place in France between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe to decide who will be the Republican presidential candidate in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-a-second-round-runoff-takes-place-in-france-between-franassois-fillon-and-alain-juppa-c-t.md) _Context: Alain Juppe, Francois Fillon, Republican, The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016, last month's presidential election_
2. [French presidential election, 2017. Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is accused of plagiarising a speech by Francois Fillon. ](/news/2017/05/2/french-presidential-election-2017-far-right-candidate-marine-le-pen-is-accused-of-plagiarising-a-speech-by-franassois-fillon.md) _Context: Francois Fillon, last month's presidential election_
3. [French presidential election, 2017. New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/french-presidential-election-2017-new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-m.md) _Context: Francois Fillon, last month's presidential election_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016, last month's presidential election_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Republican, last month's presidential election_
6. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. Files purportedly from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron are posted online. Macron campaign officials say the files are a mix of fake and authentic documents and drew parallels with what happened in the 2016 US Presidential elections. ](/news/2017/05/5/french-presidential-election-2017-files-purportedly-from-the-campaign-of-emmanuel-macron-are-posted-online-macron-campaign-officials-say.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/french-presidential-election-2017-candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: last month's presidential election_
