### [2004-01-7](/news/2004/01/7/index.md)

#  Exploration of Mars: Mars Express failed to hear any signal from the Beagle 2 spacecraft during its first pass over the landing site. This is major blow, but scientists have once again not given up all hope. They will attempt again tomorrow using a different communication mode. The Beagle 2 mission manager, Colin Pillinger, set February 7 as the day to abandon contact efforts. By that time Beagle 2 would have switched into an autotransmit mode after having not received any signal for over a month if it was still alive.




### Related:

1. [ The British spacecraft Beagle 2 successfully separates from the ESA's Mars Express orbiter and is now less than 10 days away from its scheduled landing on the surface of Mars; it will attempt to parachute onto the surface on Christmas morning. ](/news/2003/12/19/the-british-spacecraft-beagle-2-successfully-separates-from-the-esa-s-mars-express-orbiter-and-is-now-less-than-10-days-away-from-its-sched.md) _Context: Beagle 2, Mars Express_
2. [NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter finds the Beagle 2 spacecraft that disappeared in 2003 intact on the surface of Mars. An error had stopped the spacecraft's solar panels from working and communicating back to Earth. ](/news/2015/01/16/nasa-s-mars-reconnaissance-orbiter-finds-the-beagle-2-spacecraft-that-disappeared-in-2003-intact-on-the-surface-of-mars-an-error-had-stoppe.md) _Context: Beagle 2_
3. [NASA scientists are planning to capture a 500 ton near-Earth asteroid, relocate it and turn it into a space station for astronauts on their route to Mars after 2025. ](/news/2012/12/27/nasa-scientists-are-planning-to-capture-a-500-ton-near-earth-asteroid-relocate-it-and-turn-it-into-a-space-station-for-astronauts-on-their.md) _Context: route_
4. [ Michael D. Griffin, the current Administrator of NASA, announces the agency will concentrate more on the outer Solar System and less on Mars exploration, due to cuts to its 2009-2012 budget. ](/news/2008/03/15/michael-d-griffin-the-current-administrator-of-nasa-announces-the-agency-will-concentrate-more-on-the-outer-solar-system-and-less-on-mar.md) _Context: route_
5. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA announces that Mars rover "Opportunity" landed in an area where "liquid water once drenched the surface". ](/news/2004/03/2/exploration-of-mars-nasa-announces-that-mars-rover-opportunity-landed-in-an-area-where-liquid-water-once-drenched-the-surface.md) _Context: route_
6. [ Exploration of Mars: Engineers at JPL decide to turn the Mars Spirit Rover around on its lander after it was found the airbags could not be retracted enough to allow it to move off in a forward direction. It is expected the rover will drive off sometime next week. The Rover has also stood up and deployed its front wheels.](/news/2004/01/9/exploration-of-mars-engineers-at-jpl-decide-to-turn-the-mars-spirit-rover-around-on-its-lander-after-it-was-found-the-airbags-could-not-be.md) _Context: route_
7. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: route_
8. [ Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).](/news/2004/01/4/exploration-of-mars-american-mars-probe-spirit-mission-is-successful-and-is-sending-back-images-spirit-is-alive-after-rolling-to-a-stop.md) _Context: route_
9. [ Exploration of Mars: The first of the Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit, has successfully landed on the Martian surface with a "very strong signal" being received from the lander. It was a tense few minutes as no signal was received from the lander during the minutes while it bounced over the surface. Mission Control is described as being a wild place with the mission scientists very happy. The first pictures are expected at the earliest around 0730 UTCurl=http://spaceflightnow.com/mars/mera/statustextonly.html  Mars &#124; Mission Status Center  Now  ](/news/2004/01/3/exploration-of-mars-the-first-of-the-mars-exploration-rovers-spirit-has-successfully-landed-on-the-martian-surface-with-a-very-strong-s.md) _Context: route_
10. [ The European Space Agency's Mars Express orbiter directly detects water ice in the southern polar region of the planet Mars.](/news/2004/01/23/the-european-space-agency-s-mars-express-orbiter-directly-detects-water-ice-in-the-southern-polar-region-of-the-planet-mars.md) _Context: Mars Express_
