### [2004-01-7](/news/2004/01/7/index.md)

#  U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Mortar attacks by Anti-American insurgents wound 35 U.S. soldiers at a military camp west of Baghdad. Six mortar rounds exploded around 6:45 p.m. local time.




### Related:

1. [A mortar attack on joint Iraqi army-police office kills 2 Iraqi soldiers and injures 14 in Baghdad. ](/news/2010/04/27/a-mortar-attack-on-joint-iraqi-army-police-office-kills-2-iraqi-soldiers-and-injures-14-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
2. [ The United States Armed Forces says that three American soldiers have been killed in rocket or mortar attack in eastern Baghdad. ](/news/2008/04/28/the-united-states-armed-forces-says-that-three-american-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-rocket-or-mortar-attack-in-eastern-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
3. [ Mortar bombs strike a petrol station in eastern Baghdad killing at least nine people and injuring 11. ](/news/2007/08/5/mortar-bombs-strike-a-petrol-station-in-eastern-baghdad-killing-at-least-nine-people-and-injuring-11.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
4. [ Close to 1,200 people were crushed to death or died in a stampede on the Al-Aaimmah bridge over the river Tigris in Baghdad on Wednesday when thousands of Shia Muslims began marching to a shrine to the Imam Musa al-Kazim. The stampede appears to have been caused by rumours of a series of suicide attacks. Earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgents fired mortars into the crowd. [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/E2ED7EA5-15F6-4A89-A532-C927FD299679.htm (Al Jazeera)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4199618.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/08/31/close-to-1-200-people-were-crushed-to-death-or-died-in-a-stampede-on-the-al-aaimmah-bridge-over-the-river-tigris-in-baghdad-on-wednesday-wh.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
5. [ A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/16/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-explosives-near-an-lpg-propane-fuel-tanker-parked-near-a-gas-station-south-of-baghdad-sparking-a-massive-expl.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
9. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: It is reported that, on July 29, members of the Oregon National Guard witnessed detainees being beaten and tortured in the grounds of the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior in Baghdad, and immediately intervened--only to subsequently receive orders from their superior officers to "stand down" and leave the grounds. ](/news/2004/08/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-it-is-reported-that-on-july-29-members-of-the-oregon-national-guard-witnessed-detainees-being-beaten-and-tor.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
10. [ 1,300 Iraqi delegates begin a three-day conference in Baghdad to select an interim National Assembly. The area of the conference is attacked by mortars, which kill one person and wound 17. ](/news/2004/08/15/1-300-iraqi-delegates-begin-a-three-day-conference-in-baghdad-to-select-an-interim-national-assembly-the-area-of-the-conference-is-attacke.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
