### [2008-02-24](/news/2008/02/24/index.md)

#  The National Assembly of People's Power unanimously selects Ral Castro to succeed his brother Fidel as President of Cuba. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7261204.stm)

### Related:

1. [Cuba's National Assembly of People's Power approves a law banning commemorative statues of late President Fidel Castro, and the naming of public places after him, in accordance with the wishes of Castro, who died last month. ](/news/2016/12/27/cuba-s-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-approves-a-law-banning-commemorative-statues-of-late-president-fidel-castro-and-the-naming-of-pu.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, National Assembly of People's Power, President_
2. [ Fidel Castro retires, resigning as the President of Cuba (after 49 years in office) and as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces, effective 24 February 2008 upon the election of his successor. ](/news/2008/02/19/fidel-castro-retires-resigning-as-the-president-of-cuba-after-49-years-in-office-and-as-commander-in-chief-of-the-armed-forces-effectiv.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, President, unanimously selects_
3. [Cuban state television announces that former President Fidel Castro has died at age 90. ](/news/2016/11/26/cuban-state-television-announces-that-former-president-fidel-castro-has-died-at-age-90.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, President_
4. [Fidel Castro, founder of the Communist Party of Cuba, former Prime Minister and former President of Cuba, dies at the age of 90. ](/news/2016/11/25/fidel-castro-founder-of-the-communist-party-of-cuba-former-prime-minister-and-former-president-of-cuba-dies-at-the-age-of-90.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, President_
5. [After having arrived in Havana, Cuba the day before, Pope Francis, in the third trip by an incumbent Pope to Cuba, presides over a Papal Mass in Havana's Plaza de la Revolucin, and pleads for Colombia and the FARC rebels to make a final peace, also noting the better relations between the U.S., which he will visit next, and Cuba. He holds a meeting with Cuban President Raul Castro, and meets for a talk and exchange of gifts with former Cuban President Fidel Castro. ](/news/2015/09/20/after-having-arrived-in-havana-cuba-the-day-before-pope-francis-in-the-third-trip-by-an-incumbent-pope-to-cuba-presides-over-a-papal-mas.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Raul Castro_
6. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Raul Castro_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the President of Cuba Raul Castro meet at the sidelines of the Summit of the Americas in Panama. This marks the first meeting of the leaders of the two countries since the Cuban Revolution. ](/news/2015/04/11/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-meet-at-the-sidelines-of-the-summit-of-the-americas-in.md) _Context: President, Raul Castro_
8. [President of Cuba Ral Castro announces he will not seek another term as president when his current one expires in 2018. He also states he will seek to put term limits and age caps for political offices in Cuba, including the presidency. ](/news/2013/02/25/president-of-cuba-raul-castro-announces-he-will-not-seek-another-term-as-president-when-his-current-one-expires-in-2018-he-also-states-he-w.md) _Context: President, Raul Castro_
9. [Raul Castro is elected by the National Assembly of People's Power to a second term as the President of Cuba with Miguel Diaz-Canel announced as the First Vice-President of the Council of State. ](/news/2013/02/24/raaol-castro-is-elected-by-the-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-to-a-second-term-as-the-president-of-cuba-with-miguel-daaz-canel-announc.md) _Context: National Assembly of People's Power, President_
10. [Raul Castro, the President of Cuba, sacks Yadira Garcia Vera as Minister for Basic Industry for "weak control over resources set aside for investment and production.". ](/news/2010/09/19/raul-castro-the-president-of-cuba-sacks-yadira-garcaa-vera-as-minister-for-basic-industry-for-weak-control-over-resources-set-aside-for.md) _Context: President, Raul Castro_
