### [2011-03-1](/news/2011/03/1/index.md)

# Ally Financial, the company formerly known as General Motors Acceptance Corporation, announced in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the U.S. Treasury Department will be selling some of Ally's preferred securities. This is part of the unwinding of the Treasury's investment in the auto industry as a result of the 2008 financial crisis.  [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-03-01/treasury-to-offer-ally-financial-trust-preferred-securities.html (Bloomberg)].




### Related:

1. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
2. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
3. [The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-obama-administration-s-treasury-department-in-a-move-against-corporate-tax-inversions-enacts-regulations-to-combat-a-key-tax-reduction.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
4. [The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies-slash-their-tax.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
5. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assadas-government-and-has.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
6. [The U.S. Treasury Department sanctions Syrian businessman George Haswani who  "serves as a middleman" for oil purchases by the Syrian government from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. His company, an engineering and construction firm, is also sanctioned. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-u-s-treasury-department-sanctions-syrian-businessman-george-haswani-who-serves-as-a-middleman-for-oil-purchases-by-the-syrian-govern.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
7. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-treasury-department-will-clamp-down-further-on-corporate-income-tax-avoiding-inversion-deals-by-u.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
8. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
9. [U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announces that the Treasury will supplement Alexander Hamilton's depiction on the U.S. ten-dollar bill with that of a woman, the identity of which is to be chosen after public debate. ](/news/2015/06/17/u-s-treasury-secretary-jack-lew-announces-that-the-treasury-will-supplement-alexander-hamilton-s-depiction-on-the-u-s-ten-dollar-bill-with.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
10. [The United States Department of the Treasury issues sanctions to three Mexican nationals linked to the Sinaloa Cartel for laundering money for the drug lords Ismael Zambada Garcia and Joaquin Guzman Loera. The Kingpin Act sanctions prohibit Americans to do any kind of business with them. ](/news/2013/07/30/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-issues-sanctions-to-three-mexican-nationals-linked-to-the-sinaloa-cartel-for-laundering-money-f.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
