### [2011-03-1](/news/2011/03/1/index.md)

# Christian Dior S.A. fires fashion designer John Galliano following a series of anti-semitic remarks. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/41848694/ns/today-today_fashion_and_beauty/?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter)
2. [Minneapolis St-Paul Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/entertainment/117150808.html?page=2&c=y&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=fashion+2)

### Related:

1. [Prosecutors in Paris, France, say that British fashion designer John Galliano will face criminal charges over alleged anti-Semitic remarks. ](/news/2011/03/2/prosecutors-in-paris-france-say-that-british-fashion-designer-john-galliano-will-face-criminal-charges-over-alleged-anti-semitic-remarks.md) _Context: John Galliano, anti-Semitism, fashion designer_
2. [Christian Dior suspends fashion designer John Galliano following his arrest in Paris for allegedly making an anti-Semetic rant towards a couple in a cafe as well as an assault. ](/news/2011/02/25/christian-dior-suspends-fashion-designer-john-galliano-following-his-arrest-in-paris-for-allegedly-making-an-anti-semetic-rant-towards-a-cou.md) _Context: John Galliano, anti-Semitism, fashion designer_
3. [The U.S. government states that it will boycott a United Nations anti-racism conference because of concerns over anti-Semitism. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-u-s-government-states-that-it-will-boycott-a-united-nations-anti-racism-conference-because-of-concerns-over-anti-semitism.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
4. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
5. [ The Vatican announces that it has taken the unusual step of suspending the announced beatification of the Reverend Leon Dehon in order to investigate charges of anti-Semitism. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-vatican-announces-that-it-has-taken-the-unusual-step-of-suspending-the-announced-beatification-of-the-reverend-leon-dehon-in-order-to-i.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
6. [ Catholic Archbishop Chaput warns Europe about growing anti-Semitism and intolerance. ](/news/2005/06/15/catholic-archbishop-chaput-warns-europe-about-growing-anti-semitism-and-intolerance.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
7. [ Jerusalem/Israel: Horst Kohler, President of Germany, has a special audience in the Knesset, the highest chamber of Israel. Speaking in German, he says that Germany has to fight more aggressively against anti-semitism and far-right parties. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4229845.stm (BBC World)].](/news/2005/02/2/jerusalem-israel-horst-kaphler-president-of-germany-has-a-special-audience-in-the-knesset-the-highest-chamber-of-israel-speaking-in-ge.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
8. [Anti-Semitism: With approval of official state censors, Egyptian television broadcast the first episode of a miniseries, ''Horseman Without a Horse'', based upon the debunked ''Protocols of the Elders of Zion''. It airs at the hour that Egyptian families gather together to break their fast during the fasting month of Ramadan.](/news/2002/11/6/anti-semitism-with-approval-of-official-state-censors-egyptian-television-broadcast-the-first-episode-of-a-miniseries-horseman-without.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
9. [Anti-Semitism: Harvard University canceled an invitation to Irish poet and Oxford University lecturer Tom Paulin after some statements attributed to him in an article in an Egyptian newspaper, al-Ahram, were labelled anti-Jewish by university officials. Paulin is quoted (amongst other things) as saying that American Jewish settlers in Israel should be "shot dead.&nbsp;... I think they are Nazis, racists. I feel nothing but hatred for them." He is also quoted as saying that he understands "how suicide bombers feel", and recommends that Palestinians take up guerrilla warfare against civilians in order to create a sense of solidarity.](/news/2002/11/12/anti-semitism-harvard-university-canceled-an-invitation-to-irish-poet-and-oxford-university-lecturer-tom-paulin-after-some-statements-attri.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  A think tank affiliated with the Arab League ended its meeting in Cairo by calling Jews "enemies of all nations", by claiming that Arabs, as Semites, cannot be anti-Semitic, and by claiming that the events of September 11, 2001 were concocted by the United States government.  See [http://www.zccf.org.ae/LECTURES/E2_lectures/e255.htm http://www.zccf.org.ae/LECTURES/E2_lectures/e255.htm].](/news/2002/08/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-think-tank-affiliated-with-the-arab-league-ended-its-meeting-in-cairo-by-calling-jews-enemies-of-all-nati.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
