### [2011-03-1](/news/2011/03/1/index.md)

# The Canadian Federal Court of Appeal rules against the Conservative Party of Canada on ad spending prior to the Canadian federal election, 2006, while the Harper government reaches 43% support and announces cuts to the budget. 




### Source:

1. [Montreal Gazette](http://www.montrealgazette.com/business/Ottawa+environmental+spending/4367709/story.html)
2. [National Post](http://www.nationalpost.com/news/Tories+support+poll/4367919/story.html)
3. [Reuters Canada](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCATRE7207Z720110301)

### Related:

1. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Canadian, Conservative Party's_
2. [A Canadian House of Commons committee tables a report recommending that the Conservative government of Stephen Harper be found in contempt of parliament. ](/news/2011/03/21/a-canadian-house-of-commons-committee-tables-a-report-recommending-that-the-conservative-government-of-stephen-harper-be-found-in-contempt-o.md) _Context: Canadian, Conservative Party's_
3. [The Canadian Opposition accuses the Conservative Party of Canada and Harper Government of Contempt of Parliament after a ruling by the Speaker of the House of Commons, signalling a possible spring federal election. ](/news/2011/03/18/the-canadian-opposition-accuses-the-conservative-party-of-canada-and-harper-government-of-contempt-of-parliament-after-a-ruling-by-the-speak.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Harper Government_
4. [ In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Qubcois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. ](/news/2008/12/1/in-canada-the-liberal-party-new-democratic-party-and-bloc-quebecois-sign-an-agreement-to-form-a-coalition-government-with-stephane-dion.md) _Context: Canadian, Conservative Party's_
5. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Canadian, Conservative Party's_
6. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government.  Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Canadian, Conservative Party's_
7. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Canadian, Conservative Party's_
8. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian federal election, 2006, Conservative Party's_
9. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian federal election, 2006_
10. [ Canadian federal election, 2006 - Canadian Governor General Michalle Jean formally dissolves Parliament, following Prime Minister Paul Martin's loss of a confidence vote, and calls a federal election for January 23, 2006. ](/news/2005/11/29/canadian-federal-election-2006-canadian-governor-general-michaelle-jean-formally-dissolves-parliament-following-prime-minister-paul-mar.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian federal election, 2006_
