### [2015-07-19](/news/2015/07/19/index.md)

# 2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: India-Pakistan relations: The Pakistan Foreign Office lodges an official report with India over what it calls a series of "unprovoked ceasefire violations" in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Asian Correspondent](http://asiancorrespondent.com/134220/pakistan-lodges-protest-with-india-over-ceasefire-violation/)

### Related:

1. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto.md) _Context: 2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes, India, Kashmir_
2. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: 2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes, India, Kashmir_
3. [Kashmir conflict:: Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: India, India-Pakistan relations, Kashmir_
4. [India-Pakistan relations: Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Kashmir_
5. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Kashmir_
6. [India-Pakistan relations: India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: India, Kashmir_
7. [Kashmir conflict: India imposes a curfew in some parts of Kashmir following a general strike being called by separatists to protest the death of two protesters. ](/news/2016/02/15/kashmir-conflict-india-imposes-a-curfew-in-some-parts-of-kashmir-following-a-general-strike-being-called-by-separatists-to-protest-the-deat.md) _Context: India, Kashmir_
8. [India-Pakistan relations: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: India, India-Pakistan relations_
9. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: India, Kashmir_
10. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: India and Pakistan exchanged gunfire and mortar bombs along their disputed frontier, killing five civilians and injuring more than a dozen. ](/news/2015/07/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-india-and-pakistan-exchanged-gunfire-and-mortar-bombs-along-their-disputed-frontier-killing-f.md) _Context: 2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes, India_
