### [2007-02-28](/news/2007/02/28/index.md)

#  Romano Prodi, the Prime Minister of Italy, survives a no-confidence motion in the Senate. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/02/28/italy.prodi.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi is forced to resign following a lost vote of confidence in the Senate. ](/news/2008/01/24/italian-prime-minister-romano-prodi-is-forced-to-resign-following-a-lost-vote-of-confidence-in-the-senate.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
2. [ Hundreds of thousands of left wing Italians march in Rome putting increased pressure on the Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi. ](/news/2007/10/20/hundreds-of-thousands-of-left-wing-italians-march-in-rome-putting-increased-pressure-on-the-prime-minister-of-italy-romano-prodi.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
3. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
4. [ Leaders of Italy's centre-left coalition have agreed to support Romano Prodi and a 12-point program meaning that he can resume serving as Prime Minister of Italy. ](/news/2007/02/22/leaders-of-italy-s-centre-left-coalition-have-agreed-to-support-romano-prodi-and-a-12-point-program-meaning-that-he-can-resume-serving-as-p.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
5. [ Romano Prodi tenders his resignation as Prime Minister of Italy, after a defeat by two votes in the Senate. ](/news/2007/02/21/romano-prodi-tenders-his-resignation-as-prime-minister-of-italy-after-a-defeat-by-two-votes-in-the-senate.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
6. [ The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with the Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi to discuss Italian contributions to the fight against the Taliban and drug traffickers in Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-italy-romano-prodi-to-discuss-italian-contributions-to-the-fight.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
7. [ In Italy, after three weeks of wrangling over a narrow election defeat, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi finally says he will resign within a week, clearing the way for Romano Prodi and his L'Unione coalition to form a new government. ](/news/2006/04/29/in-italy-after-three-weeks-of-wrangling-over-a-narrow-election-defeat-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-finally-says-he-will-resign-within.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
8. [Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election, 2017. Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/democratic-party-italy-leadership-election-2017-former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democrat.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
9. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial. An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
10. [Italian constitutional referendum, 2016. Following the result of the constitutional referendum, Matteo Renzi will resign from his office as Prime Minister of Italy. With most ballots counted, the "No" vote leads with 60%. ](/news/2016/12/5/italian-constitutional-referendum-2016-following-the-result-of-the-constitutional-referendum-matteo-renzi-will-resign-from-his-office-as.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
