### [2016-11-1](/news/2016/11/1/index.md)

# Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. 

This comes after the Democratic National Committee said their GOP counterparts violated a decree intended to prevent voter intimidation


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/democrats-accuse-gop-donald-trump-of-voter-intimidation-in-four-states/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-intimidation-idUSKBN12V28G)
2. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2014/03/18/5b81029a-9e1d-47c4-8522-11fd2de4750d/ap883647922384.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https:--www.yahoo.com-politics-iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--thehill.com-blogs-ballot-box-presidential-races-bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http:--whotv.com-2016-02-01-iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016- (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)] [http:--latino.foxnews.com-latino-politics-2016-02-01-iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation- Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race-story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https:--www.washingtonpost.com-politics-omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser-2016-02-01-4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States elections, 2016_
2. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democratic, Ohio, Republican_
3. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, Pennsylvania, Republican_
4. [ Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidential-nominees-for-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: Arizona, Democratic, Republican_
5. [ Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties. Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for-the-republican-and-democratic-parties-former.md) _Context: Democratic, Nevada, Republican_
