### [2016-11-1](/news/2016/11/1/index.md)

# Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. 

This comes after the Democratic National Committee said their GOP counterparts violated a decree intended to prevent voter intimidation


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/democrats-accuse-gop-donald-trump-of-voter-intimidation-in-four-states/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-intimidation-idUSKBN12V28G)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican, United States elections, 2016_
2. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. ](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican, United States elections, 2016_
3. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democrats, Ohio, Republican_
4. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democrats, Pennsylvania, Republican_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: Arizona, Democrats, Republican_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties.  Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for.md) _Context: Democrats, Nevada, Republican_
7. [ United States Congressman Duncan Hunter (R-CA) claims U.S. Marines in Haditha, Iraq, killed 24 civilians in an incident in 2005. Earlier Rep. John Murtha (D-PA) had said even innocent women and children were killed in cold blood. ](/news/2006/05/20/united-states-congressman-duncan-hunter-r-ca-claims-u-s-marines-in-haditha-iraq-killed-24-civilians-in-an-incident-in-2005-earlier-re.md) _Context: Democrats, Pennsylvania, Republican_
8. [ Ohio Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett is expected to run in the state Democratic primary to contest the seat of Republican Senator Mike DeWine.  Hackett lost in a closely contested House race on August 2.](/news/2005/10/4/ohio-iraq-war-veteran-paul-hackett-is-expected-to-run-in-the-state-democratic-primary-to-contest-the-seat-of-republican-senator-mike-dewine.md) _Context: Democrats, Ohio, Republican_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican_
10. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican_
