### [2016-11-1](/news/2016/11/1/index.md)

# Robert J. Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency following Monday's gas explosion in a Colonial Pipeline pipeline. The explosion killed one person and injured five. 

Alabama Gov. Bentley declares State of Emergency following gas line explosion and fire - WSBTV


### Source:

1. [BreakingNews.com](http://www.breakingnews.com/item/2016/11/01/breaking-gov-bentley-declares-state-of/)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/11/01/deadly-pipeline-blast-in-alabama-triggers-2nd-shutdown-in-2-months.html)

### Related:

1. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: Governor of Alabama, Robert Bentley, states of emergency_
2. [The Governor of the US state of Alabama, Robert Bentley, orders flags on state government buildings to fly at half-mast following the death of civil rights leader Fred Shuttlesworth. ](/news/2011/10/5/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-orders-flags-on-state-government-buildings-to-fly-at-half-mast-following-the-death.md) _Context: Governor of Alabama, Robert Bentley_
3. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 kp/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-kp-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
4. [The La Tuna fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
5. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
6. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
7. [The governor of the State of Alabama, Robert Bentley, wins a court victory halting impeachment proceedings that were set to begin Monday to determine whether he should remain in office after it was discovered that he had a romantic relationship with a staffer. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-governor-of-the-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-wins-a-court-victory-halting-impeachment-proceedings-that-were-set-to-begin-monday-to.md) _Context: Robert Bentley_
8. [The Alabama Ethics Commission finds there is probable cause that Governor Robert Bentley violated the state's ethics and campaign finance laws, and refers the case to Montgomery County District Attorney Daryl Bailey. ](/news/2017/04/6/the-alabama-ethics-commissiona-finds-there-is-probable-cause-that-governor-robert-bentley-violated-the-state-s-ethics-and-campaign-finance-l.md) _Context: Robert Bentley_
9. [Alabama Governor Robert Bentley resigns as the Alabama House Judiciary Committee began impeachment proceedings against him over a relationship with a former aide. In addition, Bentley pleads guilty to two "failure to disclose" misdemeanors. Kay Ivey is sworn in as Alabama Governor. Under terms of the plea bargain, Bentley is forbidden from ever running for elected office in Alabama again. ](/news/2017/04/10/alabama-governor-robert-bentley-resigns-as-the-alabama-house-judiciary-committee-began-impeachment-proceedings-against-him-over-a-relationsh.md) _Context: Robert Bentley_
10. [The Grand National Assembly of Turkey votes to extend a state of emergency imposed after last year's attempted coup for another three months. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-grand-national-assembly-of-turkey-votes-to-extend-a-state-of-emergency-imposed-after-last-year-s-attempted-coup-for-another-three-months.md) _Context: states of emergency_
