### [2017-07-9](/news/2017/07/9/index.md)

# Russia-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. 

Donald Trump said a cybersecurity unit with Russia would not happen - hours after proposing the idea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40552571)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations: When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russia-United States relations_
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia-United States relations: After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/russia-united-states-relations-after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-re.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russia-United States relations: APEC Peru 2016: President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-united-states-relations-apec-peru-2016-president-barack-obama-and-vladimir-putin-meet-in-peru-on-the-sidelines-of-the-asia-pacifi.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russia and weapons of mass destruction: Russia-United States relations: Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russia-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-russia-united-states-relations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreeme.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks: Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russia-United States relations: President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process: War in Donbass: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
