### [2004-12-25](/news/2004/12/25/index.md)

#  Queen Elizabeth&nbsp;II sends her annual Christmas Message to the UK and the Commonwealth. Her theme is religious and cultural diversity and the benefits of a tolerant society. In a break from tradition, the Queen also sends a special radio Christmas Message to the UK armed forces - the first time she has made a separate radio broadcast. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4125011.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4125193.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) is opened in Abuja, Nigeria, by Queen Elizabeth II. The future of Zimbabwe's membership is threatening to dominate the gathering. The debate has been marked by bitter personal polemics between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom Mugabe accuses of leading an "Anglo-Saxon conspiracy" against Zimbabwe. Mugabe himself is barred from entering the European Union. Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth last year on charges that Mugabe had rigged his re-election in 2002. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/politics/story.jsp?story=470202][http://news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,8088518%5E401,00.html]](/news/2003/12/5/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-chogm-is-opened-in-abuja-nigeria-by-queen-elizabeth-ii-the-future-of-zimbabwe-s-membership.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Queen Elizabeth_
2. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
3. [The Maldives leaves the Commonwealth of Nations after 34 years, claiming that it has been "unfairly and unjustly" treated by the intergovernmental organization. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-maldives-leaves-the-commonwealth-of-nations-after-34-years-claiming-that-it-has-been-unfairly-and-unjustly-treated-by-the-intergovern.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
4. [Elizabeth II, queen regnant of the United Kingdom and Head of the Commonwealth of Nations, celebrates her 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/04/21/elizabeth-ii-queen-regnant-of-the-united-kingdom-and-head-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-celebrates-her-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
5. [Patricia Scotland, Baroness Scotland of Asthal, is appointed as the sixth Secretary-General of the Commonwealth of Nations. She will become the first woman to hold the position from April 2016. ](/news/2015/11/27/patricia-scotland-baroness-scotland-of-asthal-is-appointed-as-the-sixth-secretary-general-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-she-will-become.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
6. [The Gambia is to withdraw from the Commonwealth, 48 years after joining the 54-member grouping, which includes the United Kingdom and most of its former colonies. ](/news/2013/10/3/the-gambia-is-to-withdraw-from-the-commonwealth-48-years-after-joining-the-54-member-grouping-which-includes-the-united-kingdom-and-most-o.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
7. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth_
8. [All members of the Commonwealth of Nations which have the British Monarch as their head of state agree to a bill that will change the rules on royal succession rules which currently favour a male heir. ](/news/2012/12/4/all-members-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-which-have-the-british-monarch-as-their-head-of-state-agree-to-a-bill-that-will-change-the-rules.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
9. [Elizabeth II addresses her Commonwealth subjects in her annual Royal Christmas Message, referring to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and the "humbling" experience of her diamond jubilee celebrations. Her speech - the first to be broadcast in 3D - does not include mention the recently-announced pregnancy of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, wife of her eldest grandson. ](/news/2012/12/25/elizabeth-ii-addresses-her-commonwealth-subjects-in-her-annual-royal-christmas-message-referring-to-the-2012-summer-olympics-in-london-and.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
10. [The Jubilee celebrations conclude with a lunch at Marlborough House on Pall Mall attended by Elizabeth II and Commonwealth leaders. ](/news/2012/06/6/the-jubilee-celebrations-conclude-with-a-lunch-at-marlborough-house-on-pall-mall-attended-by-elizabeth-ii-and-commonwealth-leaders.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
