### [1999-09-7](/news/1999/09/7/index.md)

#  A powerful, magnitude 5.9 earthquake hits Athens, killing 143 people and injuring more than 2,000.




### Related:

1. [ A strong earthquake measuring 6.7 on the moment magnitude scale hits Greece at 13:34. The earthquake's epicentre was in the sea region 25&nbsp;km east of the island of Kythira, about 200&nbsp;km south of Athens. Although it was felt as far as Sicily, south Italy, Egypt, and Amman in Jordan, it was not disastrous due to its deep hypocentre and the sea-bed epicentre. Little damage (mainly in Kythira) and few light injuries are reported. ](/news/2006/01/8/a-strong-earthquake-measuring-6-7-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-hits-greece-at-13-34-the-earthquake-s-epicentre-was-in-the-sea-region-25-n.md) _Context: Athens, earthquake_
2. [Four earthquakes of magnitude 5.1 or higher strike near Amatrice, Italy, forcing evacuation of some schools and the Rome Metro. No deaths are reported from the quakes.  ](/news/2017/01/18/four-earthquakes-of-magnitude-5-1-or-higher-strike-near-amatrice-italy-forcing-evacuation-of-some-schools-and-the-rome-metro-no-deaths-ar.md) _Context: earthquake_
3. [A magnitude 7.7 earthquake in Chile spurs tsunami warnings. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-magnitude-7-7-earthquake-in-chile-spurs-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: earthquake_
4. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with the potential to cause a tsunami. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega declares a state of emergency because of the quake and Hurricane Otto. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-the-potential-to-cause-a-tsunami-nicaraguan-president-daniel-ortega-dec.md) _Context: earthquake_
5. [A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in Central Italy 68 kilometres east southeast of Perugia. Many buildings are reported as having been destroyed. ](/news/2016/10/30/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-central-italy-68-kilometres-east-southeast-of-perugia-many-buildings-are-reported-as-having-been-destr.md) _Context: earthquake_
6. [A 6.0 magnitude earthquake strikes Agusan del Sur province in Mindanao island. ](/news/2016/09/4/a-6-0-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-agusan-del-sur-province-in-mindanao-island.md) _Context: earthquake_
7. [A 5.8-magnitude earthquake occurs in South Korea, 9km south of Gyeongju, injuring at least two people and causing nationwide panic. It is the strongest earthquake ever recorded in South Korea. ](/news/2016/09/12/a-5-8-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-south-korea-9km-south-of-gyeongju-injuring-at-least-two-people-and-causing-nationwide-panic-it-is-th.md) _Context: earthquake_
8. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: earthquake_
9. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua  not far from the Honduran border.  ''La Prensa'' reports the walls of a church collapsed in the  city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a.md) _Context: earthquake_
10. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: earthquake_
