### [2003-11-15](/news/2003/11/15/index.md)

#  In Louisiana, conservative Democrat Kathleen Blanco defeats Republican Bobby Jindal to become the first woman in that state to be elected governor. Jindal is the son of immigrants from India.




### Related:

1. [Voters in the US state of Louisiana go to the polls for a gubernatorial election with incumbent Governor Bobby Jindal expected to be elected in the first round. ](/news/2011/10/22/voters-in-the-us-state-of-louisiana-go-to-the-polls-for-a-gubernatorial-election-with-incumbent-governor-bobby-jindal-expected-to-be-elected.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, Louisiana_
2. [ Bobby Jindal is sworn in as the 56th Governor of Louisiana. He is the first Indian American governor in U.S. history. ](/news/2008/01/14/bobby-jindal-is-sworn-in-as-the-56th-governor-of-louisiana-he-is-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-u-s-history.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, Louisiana_
3. [ Kathleen Blanco, the Governor of the U.S. state of Louisiana, calls in the Louisiana National Guard to patrol the streets of New Orleans following six deaths on the preceding weekend. ](/news/2006/06/19/kathleen-blanco-the-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-calls-in-the-louisiana-national-guard-to-patrol-the-streets-of-new-orleans-fo.md) _Context: Governor of Louisiana, Kathleen Blanco, Louisiana_
4. [Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winner-of-the-october-24-open-primary-is-elected-governor-of-louisiana-over.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Louisiana_
5. [The Governor of Louisiana Bobby Jindal ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-governor-of-louisiana-bobby-jindal-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
6. [Voters in Louisiana go to the polls to elect its next governor. The winner will succeed Bobby Jindal, who is in his second and final term, and is a candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/10/24/voters-in-louisiana-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-its-next-governor-the-winner-will-succeed-bobby-jindal-who-is-in-his-second-and-final-term-a.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Louisiana_
7. [Bobby Jindal, the Governor of Louisiana, announces that he will be a candidate for the Republican Party nomination in the 2016 Presidential election.](/news/2015/06/24/bobby-jindal-the-governor-of-louisiana-announces-that-he-will-be-a-candidate-for-the-republican-party-nomination-in-the-2016-presidential.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
8. [Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declares a state of emergency after Tropical Storm Lee forms in the northern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2011/09/1/louisiana-governor-bobby-jindal-declares-a-state-of-emergency-after-tropical-storm-lee-forms-in-the-northern-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
9. [ Bobby Jindal of the Republican Party is elected as the next Governor of Louisiana and becomes the first Indian American governor in the history of the United States. With 53% of the vote, he defeats five Democrats, a Libertarian and five independents without requiring a runoff. ](/news/2007/10/20/bobby-jindal-of-the-republican-party-is-elected-as-the-next-governor-of-louisiana-and-becomes-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-the-his.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana_
10. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
