
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/11/15/iraq-s-governing-council-announces-that-sovereignty-is-to-be-restored-to-iraq-in-june-2004-with-full-elections-to-be-held-in-2005-two-u-s.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/11/15/iraq-s-governing-council-announces-that-sovereignty-is-to-be-restored-to-iraq-in-june-2004-with-full-elections-to-be-held-in-2005-two-u-s.json)  [XML](/news/2003/11/15/iraq-s-governing-council-announces-that-sovereignty-is-to-be-restored-to-iraq-in-june-2004-with-full-elections-to-be-held-in-2005-two-u-s.xml)  

### [2003-11-15](/news/2003/11/15/index.md)

##### Iraq's Governing Council
#  Iraq's Governing Council announces that sovereignty is to be restored to Iraq in June 2004, with full elections to be held in 2005. Two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters crash near Mosul in northern Iraq. Reports suggest one helicopter was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade and it then collided with the other helicopter. Latest reports suggest seventeen dead and five injured. One U.S. soldier is killed and two are injured in a roadside blast in northern Baghdad.




### Related:

1. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
2. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
3. [ A series of bombings in Iraq kill 48 people and injure 231 in Baghdad and Mosul in continuing violence between Shiites and Sunnis in the area. ](/news/2009/08/10/a-series-of-bombings-in-iraq-kill-48-people-and-injure-231-in-baghdad-and-mosul-in-continuing-violence-between-shiites-and-sunnis-in-the-ar.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
4. [ A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds another in Salman Pak, south of Baghdad. An Iraqi Oil Ministry official is shot dead while leaving his house in Baghdad. The militant group Army of Ansar al-Sunna release a video on their website confirming the beheading of an Iraqi officer kidnapped in Mosul. In Tikrit, fires continue to burn from major oil wells and a pipeline attacked earlier, halting oil exports. The militant Brigades of Iraq's Honorable People release videos showing beheadings of three Iraqi security guards kidnapped in Baghdad. ](/news/2004/11/3/a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-another-in-salman-pak-south-of-baghdad-an-iraqi-oil-ministry-official-is-shot-dead-while.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
