### [2010-04-2](/news/2010/04/2/index.md)

# Soyuz TMA-18 is launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome, carrying three members of the Expedition 23 crew of the International Space Station. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/TECH/space/04/02/russia.space.launch/)

### Related:

1. [The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-soyuz-tma-19m-consisting-of-expedition-46-crew-members-yuri-malenchenko-rsa-timothy-kopra-nasa-and-tim-peake-esa-launches-from.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
2. [Soyuz TMA-03M, launched from Baikonur, carries a crew of three men to the International Space Station. ](/news/2011/12/21/soyuz-tma-03m-launched-from-baikonur-carries-a-crew-of-three-men-to-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
3. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
4. [The Soyuz TMA-18 capsule carrying three members of the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2010/09/25/the-soyuz-tma-18-capsule-carrying-three-members-of-the-international-space-station-lands-safely-in-kazakhstan.md) _Context: International Space Station, Soyuz TMA-18_
5. [ International Space Station Expedition 19 launches aboard the Soyuz TMA-14 from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2009/03/26/international-space-station-expedition-19-launches-aboard-the-soyuz-tma-14-from-kazakhstan-s-baikonur-cosmodrome.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
6. [ Soyuz TMA-6 lifts off at dawn from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan carrying the Expedition 11 crew to the International Space Station. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,153539,00.html (Fox News)] [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20050415/wl_nm/space_russia_launch_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 02:40, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/15/soyuz-tma-6-lifts-off-at-dawn-from-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakhstan-carrying-the-expedition-11-crew-to-the-international-space-station-h.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
7. [SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: International Space Station_
8. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
