### [2010-04-2](/news/2010/04/2/index.md)

# United States Department of Labor announces second solid growth in jobs since the recession. 

Like a breath of spring air hinting at better days ahead, a government report Friday showed the U.S. economy added 162,000 jobs in March, the most in three years. Though encouraging, the boost...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-jobs3-2010apr03,0,6318850.story)
2. [Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-04-02/obama-says-u-s-is-beginning-to-turn-the-corner-produce-jobs.html)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Labor sues Peter Thiel's Palantir Technologies for alleged discrimination against Asians in its hiring practices. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-labor-sues-peter-thiel-s-palantir-technologies-for-alleged-discrimination-a.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
2. [The U.S.  Labor  Department releases a long-awaited rule, the so-called persuader rule that was first proposed in 2011. The regulation requires companies to disclose when they seek advice about countering union campaigns. The final rule will apply to contracts beginning on July 1, 2016. Several business groups, such as the National Retail Federation, the  Associated Builders and Contractors, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers,  object because the rule limits employers' free speech rights to counter union organizing, it could interfere with attorney-client privilege, etc. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-u-s-labor-department-releases-a-long-awaited-rule-the-so-called-persuader-rule-that-was-first-proposed-in-2011-the-regulation-requi.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
3. [Four Papa John's Pizza franchise owners agree to a settlement of about $500,000 after admitting to paying employees unfair wages, according to  Thursday's  announcement by New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman and the U.S. Labor Department. Schneiderman has reached settlements with several other Papa John's franchises, including one for over $2 million. Out-of-court settlements have also been reached with other fast-food franchises. ](/news/2015/10/15/four-papa-john-s-pizza-franchise-owners-agree-to-a-settlement-of-about-500-000-after-admitting-to-paying-employees-unfair-wages-according.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
4. [The United States Department of Labor says hiring picked up in October, with 171,000 jobs being added, though the unemployment rate rose 0.1% higher to 7.9%. ](/news/2012/11/2/the-united-states-department-of-labor-says-hiring-picked-up-in-october-with-171-000-jobs-being-added-though-the-unemployment-rate-rose-0-1.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
5. [The United States Department of Labor monthly jobs report shows that the US economy added 80,000 jobs in June. ](/news/2012/07/6/the-united-states-department-of-labor-monthly-jobs-report-shows-that-the-us-economy-added-80-000-jobs-in-june.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
6. [In the United States, about 350,000 people filed for unemployment benefits, hitting a four-year low, according to the United States Labor Department. ](/news/2012/03/22/in-the-united-states-about-350-000-people-filed-for-unemployment-benefits-hitting-a-four-year-low-according-to-the-united-states-labor-de.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
7. [ Global financial crisis of 2008: the United States Department of Labor reports that nonfarm payrolls contracted by 533,000 in November, the worst monthly job loss since 1974. ](/news/2008/12/5/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-the-united-states-department-of-labor-reports-that-nonfarm-payrolls-contracted-by-533-000-in-november-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
8. [ Global financial crisis of 2008: The United States consumer price index fell in November by 1.9% on a non-seasonally adjusted basis, the U.S. Labor Department reports, the biggest decline since the nadir of the Great Depression in January 1932. ](/news/2008/12/16/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-p-the-united-states-consumer-price-index-fell-in-november-by-1-9-on-a-non-seasonally-adjusted-basis-the-u.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
9. [ A United States Department of Labor report shows that the United States economy lost 63,000 jobs in February. ](/news/2008/03/7/a-united-states-department-of-labor-report-shows-that-the-united-states-economy-lost-63-000-jobs-in-february.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
10. [ According to the United States Department of Labor, Enron agrees to $356.25 million settlement with employees whose retirement plans were ruined. They are likely to receive only 15&ndash;20% of that ](/news/2005/07/11/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-labor-enron-agrees-to-356-25-million-settlement-with-employees-whose-retirement-plans-were-r.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
