### [2008-02-8](/news/2008/02/8/index.md)

#  The Nebraska Supreme Court rules the electric chair unconstitutional. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5hrsodwCiOzhG9K71pUY5lHaegIKw)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
2. [The Supreme Court of the United States accepts a petition by five people from American Samoa arguing that people born in this U.S. territory are entitled to U.S citizenship under the United States Constitution. The State Department currently opposes this idea. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-accepts-a-petition-by-five-people-from-american-samoa-arguing-that-people-born-in-this-u-s-territory.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016: United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016: Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: Nebraska_
4. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Nebraska_
5. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Nebraska_
6. [TransCanada Corp asks the United States Department of State to suspend its review of the Keystone XL pipeline while it negotiates with the US state of Nebraska about the route. If granted, the delay (according to Reuters) would almost certainly mean the decision on the project will be made by a future president. ](/news/2015/11/2/transcanada-corp-asks-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-suspend-its-review-of-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-while-it-negotiates-with-the-u.md) _Context: Nebraska_
7. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Nebraska_
8. [A U.S. federal judge declines plaintiffs request for an emergency order requiring Texas issue birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrant families who entered the country illegally. The judge said Matricula Consular cards issued by Mexican consulates to their citizens in the U.S. aren-t secure. The U.S. Constitution-s 14th Amendment guarantees the right of citizenship to children born in the United States. ](/news/2015/10/16/a-u-s-federal-judge-declines-plaintiffs-request-for-an-emergency-order-requiring-texas-issue-birth-certificates-to-u-s-born-children-of-im.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
9. [Tornadoes of 2015: Tornadoes are reported across several states in the Great Plains region of the United States including Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska. ](/news/2015/05/6/tornadoes-of-2015-tornadoes-are-reported-across-several-states-in-the-great-plains-region-of-the-united-states-including-oklahoma-kansas-a.md) _Context: Nebraska_
10. [The Legislature of the US state of Nebraska votes to outlaw the death penalty, overriding a veto by Governor Pete Ricketts. ](/news/2015/05/27/the-legislature-of-the-us-state-of-nebraska-votes-to-outlaw-the-death-penalty-overriding-a-veto-by-governor-pete-ricketts.md) _Context: Nebraska_
