### [2006-09-16](/news/2006/09/16/index.md)

#  2006 United States ''E. coli'' outbreak: Bagged spinach recalled in United States after products linked to at least 94 cases of ''E. coli'' in 19 states. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/HEALTH/09/15/tainted.spinach.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Food and Drug Administration searches two spinach packaging companies in the Salinas Valley in California for evidence related to a recent outbreak of ''E. coli'' in the United States and Canada that made 200 people sick. ](/news/2006/10/4/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-the-food-and-drug-administration-searches-two-spinach-packaging-companies-in-the-salinas-valley-in.md) _Context: ''E. coli'', U.S., spinach_
2. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: ''E. coli'', U.S._
3. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration approves irradiation of lettuce and spinach to kill ''E. coli'' and other dangerous germs. ](/news/2008/08/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-irradiation-of-lettuce-and-spinach-to-kill-e-coli-and-other-dangerous-germs.md) _Context: U.S., spinach_
4. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [ A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping-drill-north-korea-calls-it-a-military.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: U.S._
