### [2006-09-16](/news/2006/09/16/index.md)

#  Darfur conflict: On the eve of the International Day for Darfur, British Prime Minister Tony Blair insists the government of Sudan must start to "live up to its obligations" towards the war-torn region. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/5350706.stm)

### Related:

1. [Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir could still face charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/8/sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-still-face-charges-of-genocide-in-darfur.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
2. [ War in Chad (2005-present)/Darfur conflict: Chadian rebels have attacked the eastern town of Guereda, neighbouring Sudan's war-torn Darfur region. ](/news/2006/12/2/war-in-chad-2005apresent-darfur-conflict-chadian-rebels-have-attacked-the-eastern-town-of-gua-c-ra-c-da-neighbouring-sudan-s-war-torn-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
3. [ Darfur conflict: The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to initiate the process which would lead to a UN peacekeeping force relieving the beleaguered African Union peacekeepers in the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan. The Government of Sudan opposes the move. ](/news/2006/05/16/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-unanimously-to-initiate-the-process-which-would-lead-to-a-un-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
4. [ Condoleezza Rice and the African Union request additional funds to enable the A.U.'s peacekeeping mission in Darfur, Sudan to continue. Without additional aid, the African peacekeeping force will run out of funds in four months. Violence in the region has resurged recently. ](/news/2005/12/17/condoleezza-rice-and-the-african-union-request-additional-funds-to-enable-the-a-u-s-peacekeeping-mission-in-darfur-sudan-to-continue-wit.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
5. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair's government unveils a controversial proposal for national identity cards and other counter-terrorism measures besides a bill on immigration. ](/news/2005/05/17/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-government-unveils-a-controversial-proposal-for-national-identity-cards-and-other-counter-terrorism-mea.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
6. [ The first arrests are made for war crimes in Darfur, Sudan: 15 officials in South Darfur are accused of rape, murder, and other crimes related to the Darfur conflict. Whether they will be tried in a Sudanese or international court is uncertain at this time.  ](/news/2005/03/28/the-first-arrests-are-made-for-war-crimes-in-darfur-sudan-15-officials-in-south-darfur-are-accused-of-rape-murder-and-other-crimes-rela.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
7. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur, Darfur conflict, Sudan_
8. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
9. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
10. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
