### [2013-09-10](/news/2013/09/10/index.md)

# John G. Roberts, Jr., Chief Justice of the United States, appoints Judge William Curtis Bryson as presiding judge of the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review. 




### Source:

1. [Secrecy News](http://blogs.fas.org/secrecy/2013/09/response-lags/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts announces he appointed Judge Richard C. Tallman of the Ninth Circuit to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review for a six-year term beginning January 27, 2014, filling the vacancy that had existed since August, and Judge James E. Boasberg of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to replace Reggie Walton in the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a six-year term in May.  ](/news/2014/02/7/u-s-chief-justice-john-g-roberts-announces-he-appointed-judge-richard-c-tallman-of-the-ninth-circuit-to-the-united-states-foreign-intelli.md) _Context: Chief Justice, United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review_
2. [ The Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts is hospitalized after suffering a seizure at his summer home in Maine. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-john-roberts-is-hospitalized-after-suffering-a-seizure-at-his-summer-home-in-maine.md) _Context: Chief Justice, John Roberts_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: John Roberts_
4. [ American jurist John G. Roberts, Jr. is nominated by US President George W. Bush as the next Chief Justice of the United States. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/9215790/ (MSNBC)]  Bush withdrew Roberts' original nomination to succeed retiring Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor.](/news/2005/09/5/american-jurist-john-g-roberts-jr-is-nominated-by-us-president-george-w-bush-as-the-next-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-http-ww.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
5. [ William Rehnquist, Chief Justice of the United States, dies of thyroid cancer at the age of 80. He was appointed Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1971 by Richard Nixon and was named Chief Justice by Ronald Reagan in 1986. ](/news/2005/09/3/william-rehnquist-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-dies-of-thyroid-cancer-at-the-age-of-80-he-was-appointed-associate-justice-of-the-u.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
6. [ By a vote of 78-22, the United States Senate confirms John G. Roberts, Jr. as Chief Justice, presiding over the Supreme Court. Roberts is sworn in later in the afternoon, and will preside over the Court's Fall term beginning October 3.](/news/2005/09/29/by-a-vote-of-78-22-the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-g-roberts-jr-as-chief-justice-presiding-over-the-supreme-court-roberts-is-s.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
7. [ The U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary votes 13 to 5 for the nomination of John G. Roberts as Chief Justice of the United States. The appointment needs approval of the entire Senate, and that vote is expected during the week of September 26.](/news/2005/09/22/the-u-s-senate-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-13-to-5-for-the-nomination-of-john-g-roberts-as-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-the-a.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
8. [ Chief Justice nominee John G. Roberts affirms before the Senate Judiciary Committee today his belief in a constitutional right to privacy, which underpins many Constitutional amendments (viz. 1, 4, 5, 9, 13 and 14) as well as Roe v. Wade. (This does not translate to support specifically for Roe v. Wade.) He answers questions regarding civil rights in wartime, torture and the role on international law in interpreting the Constitution. ](/news/2005/09/13/chief-justice-nominee-john-g-roberts-affirms-before-the-senate-judiciary-committee-today-his-belief-in-a-constitutional-right-to-privacy.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
9. [ U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist announces he will not retire from the court as long as his health permits him to remain. In October of 2004 Rehnquist, 80, was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and underwent a tracheotomy. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050715/ap_on_go_su_co/rehnquist_health_5 Yahoo News] (Link dead as of 00:39, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/07/14/u-s-supreme-court-chief-justice-william-rehnquist-announces-he-will-not-retire-from-the-court-as-long-as-his-health-permits-him-to-remain.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
10. [ U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist is hospitalized with a fever. There have been no indications when Rehnquist, who is fighting thyroid cancer, will be released. ](/news/2005/07/13/u-s-supreme-court-chief-justice-william-rehnquist-is-hospitalized-with-a-fever-there-have-been-no-indications-when-rehnquist-who-is-figh.md) _Context: Chief Justice_
