### [2011-04-6](/news/2011/04/6/index.md)

# Ecuador expels the United States ambassador over Wikileaks diplomatic cables alleging corruption within the Ecuadorian police force. 

Ecuador expels the US ambassador in Quito after the release of a US diplomatic cable accusing the Ecuadorean police of widespread corruption.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-12979967)

### Related:

1. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Ecuador, United States, WikiLeaks_
2. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
3. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
4. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
5. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
6. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Ecuador, WikiLeaks_
7. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Ecuador, WikiLeaks_
8. [Wikileaks announces the release of 1.7 million United States diplomatic and intelligence documents from 1973-1976 when Henry Kissinger was United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2013/04/8/wikileaks-announces-the-release-of-1-7-million-united-states-diplomatic-and-intelligence-documents-from-1973a1976-when-henry-kissinger-was.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
9. [Stand-off between Ecuador and Britain over Julian Assange:British police mass near the Ecuadorean embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange resides, after Britain threatens to use force to extract him. ](/news/2012/08/16/stand-off-between-ecuador-and-britain-over-julian-assange-pbritish-police-mass-near-the-ecuadorean-embassy-where-wikileaks-founder-julian-as.md) _Context: Ecuador, WikiLeaks_
10. [A representative for WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange declines a Metropolitan Police order to surrender himself at a police station, instead electing to remain in Ecuador's London embassy until he is granted asylum. ](/news/2012/06/29/a-representative-for-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-declines-a-metropolitan-police-order-to-surrender-himself-at-a-police-station.md) _Context: Ecuador, WikiLeaks_
