### [2011-04-6](/news/2011/04/6/index.md)

# The United States Senate defeated a measure that would have banned the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating greenhouse gas emissions under the Clean Air Act (United States). The new regulations which began being applied early this year affect air polluters such as power plants and oil refineries, attempts to address climate change mitigation. 

Efforts to curtail the environmental agency’s programs are not likely to end: Republican leaders are trying to attach similar measures to the budget bill.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/07/us/politics/07epa.html?_r=1)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/04/07/us-climate-congress-idUSTRE7357HU20110407)
3. [Washington Times][http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-04-06/epa-s-greenhouse-gas-rules-targeted-for-limits-in-u-s-house-senate-votes.html (Bloomberg](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2011/apr/6/senate-fails-to-curb-epa-s-climate-authority)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court overturned  8-0 a U.S. appeals court ruling against five big power utility companies, brought by U.S. states, New York City, and Land trusts, attempting to force cuts in United States greenhouse gas emissions regarding global warming.  The decision gives deference to reasonable interpretations of the United States Clean Air Act by the Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2011/06/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-overturned-8-0-a-u-s-appeals-court-ruling-against-five-big-power-utility-companies-brought-by-u-s-states.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, United States Clean Air Act, United States greenhouse gas emissions_
2. [The Environmental Protection Agency delays its proposed rules for the United States for cutting pollution from industrial boilers used at oil refineries, chemical plants, paper mills and other factories. ](/news/2011/05/17/the-environmental-protection-agency-delays-its-proposed-rules-for-the-united-states-for-cutting-pollution-from-industrial-boilers-used-at-oi.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, oil refineries_
3. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: climate change mitigation_
4. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-mitigation.md) _Context: climate change mitigation_
6. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
