### [2010-07-9](/news/2010/07/9/index.md)

# Two weeks after the sacking of General Stanley A. McChrystal over comments that appeared in "Rolling Stone", a top French general is attacked for publicly criticising the United States-led war attempt on Afghanistan and questioning if the United States is controlling its allies. 

Two&#x20;weeks&#x20;after&#x20;the&#x20;sacking&#x20;of&#x20;Stanley&#x20;McChrystal&#x20;over&#x20;comments&#x20;that&#x20;appeared&#x20;in&#x20;a&#x20;magazine&#x20;article,&#x20;a&#x20;top&#x20;French&#x20;general&#x20;is&#x20;under&#x20;fire&#x20;for&#x20;publicly&#x20;criticising&#x20;the&#x20;US-led&#x20;war&#x20;effort&#x20;in&#x20;Afghanistan,&#x20;reviving&#x20;doubts&#x20;about&#x20;the&#x20;overall&#x20;war&#x20;strategy.


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100709-outspoken-french-general-be-%E2%80%98punished%E2%80%99-over-afghan-war-remarks)

### Related:

1. [General Stanley A. McChrystal, the top United States commander in Afghanistan, apologises for an article in "Rolling Stone" magazine in which he criticised senior members of the Obama administration. McChrystal is later summoned to Washington, D.C. for talks with Obama. ](/news/2010/06/22/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-the-top-united-states-commander-in-afghanistan-apologises-for-an-article-in-rolling-stone-magazine-in-whic.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, General, Rolling Stone, Stanley A. McChrystal, United States_
2. [Afghan rights group Afghanistan Rights Monitor (ARM) releases its report stating that 2010 has been the most violent in the landlocked country since the United States led an invasion in 2001, though notes a reduction in airstrikes - a policy favoured by former General Stanley A. McChrystal - has led to less civilian deaths via this method in 2010. ](/news/2010/07/12/afghan-rights-group-afghanistan-rights-monitor-arm-releases-its-report-stating-that-2010-has-been-the-most-violent-in-the-landlocked-count.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, General, Stanley A. McChrystal, United States_
3. [General Stanley A. McChrystal magazine remarks controversy:. General Stanley A. McChrystal, America's top military commander in Afghanistan, submits his resignation after being summoned home by an "angry" Barack Obama due to his expression of critical opinions about senior American politicians and diplomats in a "Rolling Stone" magazine profile. Afghan President Hamid Karzai supports McChrystal, while the Taliban say the incident is "another sign of the start of the political defeat" for America's Afghan policies. ](/news/2010/06/23/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-magazine-remarks-controversy-general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-america-s-top-military-commander-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, General, Rolling Stone, Stanley A. McChrystal_
4. [General David Petraeus expresses doubt during an interview on American television that the United States will be able to definitely begin withdrawing from Afghanistan in 2011. ](/news/2010/08/15/general-david-petraeus-expresses-doubt-during-an-interview-on-american-television-that-the-united-states-will-be-able-to-definitely-begin-wi.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, General, United States_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
6. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-for.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). 2015 Bagram suicide bombing. A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States_
10. [In the United States, the University of Virginia fraternity that was the subject of a "Rolling Stone" article about a brutal campus rape, filed a $25 million defamation lawsuit against the magazine and the article's writer. ](/news/2015/11/9/in-the-united-states-the-university-of-virginia-fraternity-that-was-the-subject-of-a-rolling-stone-article-about-a-brutal-campus-rape-fi.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, United States_
