### [2015-09-29](/news/2015/09/29/index.md)

# Amnesty International designates Cuban graffiti artist Danilo Maldonado Machado as a prisoner of conscience. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/29/us-cuba-dissident-idUSKCN0RT2O920150929)

### Related:

1. [Mordechai Vanunu, who spoke about Israel's nuclear ambitions to "The Sunday Times" in 1986 and was referred to as a "prisoner of conscience" by Amnesty International after Israel imprisoned him for that action, is released from prison again after serving three months for meeting foreigners, including his Norwegian girlfriend, in 2007. He requests that he be allowed to leave Israel. ](/news/2010/08/8/mordechai-vanunu-who-spoke-about-israel-s-nuclear-ambitions-to-the-sunday-times-in-1986-and-was-referred-to-as-a-prisoner-of-conscience.md) _Context: Amnesty International, prisoner of conscience_
2. [ Amnesty International claims torture and ill-treatment of terrorist suspects on the fourth anniversary of detainees being held without charge at Camp Delta in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. ](/news/2006/01/10/amnesty-international-claims-torture-and-ill-treatment-of-terrorist-suspects-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-detainees-being-held-without-char.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Cuba_
3. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
4. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba_
5. [Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terrorist-organisation.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
6. [An Aerogaviota-operated Antonov An-26 plane crashes in western Artemisa Province, Cuba, killing eight troops on board. ](/news/2017/04/29/an-aerogaviota-operated-antonov-an-26-plane-crashes-in-western-artemisa-province-cuba-killing-eight-troops-on-board.md) _Context: Cuba_
7. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
9. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
10. [ Amnesty International criticizes a Saudi court decision to impose the death sentence on 15 people in a case involving 32 people including 30 Saudis, one Iranian and one Afghan national in an alleged Iranian spy cell. ](/news/2016/12/6/amnesty-international-criticizes-a-saudi-court-decision-to-impose-the-death-sentence-on-15-people-in-a-case-involving-32-people-including-3.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
