### [2015-09-29](/news/2015/09/29/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: Afghan National Security Forces start efforts to recapture the city of Kunduz. 

On Tuesday evening, Taliban units threatened the Kunduz airport, thwarting efforts by Afghan troops to overcome one of the militant group&rsquo;s biggest offensives in the 14-year war.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/09/29/asia/afghanistan-kunduz-taliban-attack-why-it-matters/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [The News Hub](https://www.the-newshub.com/international/taliban-close-to-capturing-a-major-city-in-afghanistan)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/us-military-launches-airstrike-on-kunduz-after-taliban-assault-on-key-city/2015/09/29/6cc68d0c-6627-11e5-bdb6-6861f4521205_story.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Battle of Kunduz, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The government of Afghanistan claims to have recaptured the city of Kunduz. ](/news/2015/10/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-government-of-afghanistan-claims-to-have-recaptured-the-city-of-kunduz.md) _Context: Battle of Kunduz, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The U.S.-led coalition dispatches American troops to Kunduz to help Afghan forces combat Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/09/30/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-u-s-led-coalition-dispatches-american-troops-to-kunduz-to-help-afghan-forces-com.md) _Context: Battle of Kunduz, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Four members of the Afghan National Security Forces are killed and 11 people are injured during a suicide bomber attack near the Afghan defense ministry headquarters in Kabul. ](/news/2016/11/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-four-members-of-the-afghan-national-security-forces-are-killed-and-11-people-are-injured-during-a-suici.md) _Context: Afghan National Security Forces, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban launches an offensive entering the city of Kunduz which they briefly captured last year. ](/news/2016/10/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-launches-an-offensive-entering-the-city-of-kunduz-which-they-briefly-captured-last-year.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan National Security Forces convoy outside Kabul is attacked in a coordinated ambush including suicide bombers and heavy machine guns resulting in over 40 deaths. ](/news/2016/06/30/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-national-security-forces-convoy-outside-kabul-is-attacked-in-a-coordinated-ambush-including-s.md) _Context: Afghan National Security Forces, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-af.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-sev.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-again.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-ca.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
