### [2016-04-12](/news/2016/04/12/index.md)

#  British cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner announce " Breaktrough Starshot," a $100 million effort to plan a trip to the sun's closest stellar neighbor, Alpha Centauri, via developing nanotechnology that would put the craft within the star system roughly 20 years after leaving Earth. 

Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner is teaming up with famed cosmologist Stephen Hawking on an ambitious space travel project.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Science_News/2016/04/12/Yuri-Milner-and-Stephen-Hawking-announce-Breakthrough-Starshot/7031460489701/?spt=rln&or=2)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/i/7031460489701/2016/1/14604917298926/v2.1/Yuri-Milner-and-Stephen-Hawking-announce-Breakthrough-Starshot.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The $3 million special Fundamental Physics Prize is awarded to Stephen Hawking, a British theoretical physicist. Seven scientists who led the Large Hadron Collider and discovered Higgs-like particle share another $3 million special prize which was founded by a Russian physicist and internet entrepreneur Yuri Milner. ](/news/2012/12/11/the-3-million-special-fundamental-physics-prize-is-awarded-to-stephen-hawking-a-british-theoretical-physicist-seven-scientists-who-led-th.md) _Context: Russia, Stephen Hawking, Yuri Milner_
2. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
4. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
5. [The United States and United Kingdom discuss imposing additional sanctions on Russia over the breach of the ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/21/the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-discuss-imposing-additional-sanctions-on-russia-over-the-breach-of-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
6. [Graham Phillips, a British national and reporter for the Russian TV network RT, is detained in Mariupol by the SBU. ](/news/2014/05/21/graham-phillips-a-british-national-and-reporter-for-the-russian-tv-network-rt-is-detained-in-mariupol-by-the-sbu.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
7. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
8. [Russia lifts a 16-year ban on the import of British beef and lamb. British farmers had been stopped from exporting to Russia following the 1996 BSE outbreak in the UK, despite the lifting of a worldwide ban in 2006. ](/news/2012/11/22/russia-lifts-a-16-year-ban-on-the-import-of-british-beef-and-lamb-british-farmers-had-been-stopped-from-exporting-to-russia-following-the-1.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
9. [China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and United States urge Iran to co-operate with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2012/05/3/china-france-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-urge-iran-to-co-operate-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
10. [Documents discovered in a Russian archive suggest that Adolf Hitler ordered Rudolf Hess to go to the United Kingdom to negotiate with Winston Churchill over a World War II peace deal in 1941. ](/news/2011/05/30/documents-discovered-in-a-russian-archive-suggest-that-adolf-hitler-ordered-rudolf-hess-to-go-to-the-united-kingdom-to-negotiate-with-winsto.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
