### [2016-04-12](/news/2016/04/12/index.md)

#  North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." 

North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory has issued an executive order that &quot;seeks legislation to reinstate the right to sue in state court for discrimination.&quot;


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/04/12/473982918/n-c-governor-signs-order-that-clarifies-controversial-gender-identity-bill)
2. [WNCN](http://wncn.com/2016/04/12/mccrory-issues-executive-order-on-house-bill-2/)
3. [WSOC](http://www.wsoctv.com/news/read-more-statements-regarding-mccrorys-executive-order-93-on-hb2/212122374)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-death-toll-in-north-carolina-rises-to-22-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-governor-pat-mccrory-says-places-that-had-a-foot-of-water-in.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
2. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
3. [Protesters of the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott yesterday injure twelve Charlotte, North Carolina police officers. Riots continue into a second night with North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory declaring a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/09/21/protesters-of-the-police-shooting-of-keith-lamont-scott-yesterday-injure-twelve-charlotte-north-carolina-police-officers-riots-continue-in.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department notifies North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory that the state's new law which limits restroom access for transgender people violates the U.S. Civil Rights Act, and asks for a response by May 9 whether the state will correct "these violations of Title VII." The Governor's statement in response does not specifically say what the state will do. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-u-s-justice-department-notifies-north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-that-the-state-s-new-law-which-limits-restroom-access-for-transgend.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
5. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
6. [The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-known-as-the-transgender-bathro.md) _Context: North Carolina House Bill 2_
7. [The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory-to-accept-his-defeat-by-democratic-nominee-ro.md) _Context: Pat McCrory_
8. [The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-cleveland-board-of-control-approves-changes-to-convention-security-rules-negotiated-with-the-aclu-per-federal-district-judge-james-gwin.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
9. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
10. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: gay and transgender people_
