### [2016-04-12](/news/2016/04/12/index.md)

#  North Korea - South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. 

SEOUL (AFP) - North Korea accused South Korea on Tuesday (April 12) of kidnapping its citizens after Seoul said 13 of them had defected to the South from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/east-asia/north-korea-claims-defectors-were-kidnapped-by-seoul)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: Ministry of Unification, North Korea, North Korean defectors, Seoul, South Korea_
2. [North Korean defectors. A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
3. [North Korean defectors. A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
4. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
5. [North Korean defectors. North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom, Thae Yong-ho, defects with his family to South Korea. ](/news/2016/08/17/north-korean-defectors-north-korea-s-deputy-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-thae-yong-ho-defects-with-his-family-to-south-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. South Korea announces that a colonel from North Korea's military spy agency defected to the south last year. Senior-level defections are rare, most being low level operatives. ](/news/2016/04/11/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-south-korea-announces-that-a-colonel-from-north-korea-s-military-spy-agency-def.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
8. [Korean border incidents. South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
9. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: China, North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, assures South Korea of "ironclad" American security commitments on a visit to Seoul while accusing North Korea of a litany of crimes. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-assures-south-korea-of-ironclad-american-security-commitments-on-a-visit-to-seoul-while.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
