### [2016-04-12](/news/2016/04/12/index.md)

#  President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. 

Brazil’s impeachment saga took a bizarre twist on Monday after Vice President Michel Temer released a tape in which he discusses the outlines of a Temer administration in the event that Dilma Rousseff loses a crucial impeachment vote this weekend.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/congress/brazil-congressional-committee-votes-in-favor-of-impeachment/2016/04/11/9d27fbac-0046-11e6-8bb1-f124a43f84dc_story.html)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-11/brazil-s-vp-practices-national-unity-speech-in-leaked-audio)
2. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iW_zQEM37vpA/v1/1200x804.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Eduardo Cunha, President, President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies_
2. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President, Vice President_
3. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
4. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
5. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
6. [Brazilian President Michel Temer is charged with corruption by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot. The case will now go to the Supreme Federal Court. ](/news/2017/06/27/brazilian-president-michel-temer-is-charged-with-corruption-by-prosecutor-general-rodrigo-janot-the-case-will-now-go-to-the-supreme-federal.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
7. [Protestors set fire to the Ministry of Agriculture headquarters in Brasilia amid calls for the impeachment or resignation of Michel Temer as President of Brazil over allegations of corruption. ](/news/2017/05/24/protestors-set-fire-to-the-ministry-of-agriculture-headquarters-in-brasalia-amid-calls-for-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-michel-temer-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
8. [Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. ](/news/2017/02/6/brazilian-president-michel-temer-deploys-the-brazilian-army-to-the-southeastern-state-of-esparito-santo-where-a-police-strike-has-led-to-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
9. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
10. [Eduardo Cunha, former President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies loses his position as a Deputy following a vote of the Chamber as a result of a series of corruption scandals. ](/news/2016/09/12/eduardo-cunha-former-president-of-the-brazilian-chamber-of-deputies-loses-his-position-as-a-deputy-following-a-vote-of-the-chamber-as-a-res.md) _Context: Eduardo Cunha, President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies_
