### [2016-04-12](/news/2016/04/12/index.md)

#  Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: A Russian Air Force Mi-28 attack helicopter crashes near the Syrian city of Homs, killing two pilots. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-36022273)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Air Force destroys around 500 fuel tanker vehicles used by ISIS and other extremist groups for transporting illegal oil from Syria to Iraq. ](/news/2015/11/18/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-destroys-around-500-fuel-tanker-vehicles-used.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Syria, helicopters_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syria_
4. [Syrian civil war: Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
5. [Russian intervention: A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/russian-intervention-a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russ.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syria_
7. [Syrian Civil War: February 2016 Homs bombings: Twin bomb blasts hit the Syrian city of Homs with at least 57 people reportedly killed and more than 100 injured. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/21/syrian-civil-war-february-2016-homs-bombings-twin-bomb-blasts-hit-the-syrian-city-of-homs-with-at-least-57-people-reportedly-killed-and-mo.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
9. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War: At least 32 people are killed and 90 injured following a car bomb and suicide-bomb attack in the al-Zahra district of the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2015/12/28/syrian-civil-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-90-injured-following-a-car-bomb-and-suicide-bomb-attack-in-the-al-zahra-district-of-the.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
