### [2014-03-12](/news/2014/03/12/index.md)

# Judge Katherine B. Forrest of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, orders Fabrice "Fabulous Fab" Tourre to pay more than $825,000 for defrauding investors while a trader at Goldman Sachs. 

A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered former Goldman Sachs Group Inc trader Fabrice Tourre to pay more than $825,000 after a jury found him liable for defrauding investors in a subprime mortgage product that failed during the financial crisis.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/12/us-goldmansachs-sec-tourre-idUSBREA2B11220140312)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140312&t=2&i=860765810&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBREA2B1GAQ00)

### Related:

1. [Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order-to-have-time-for-his-family.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
2. [ Donald Trump requests Gary Cohn, chief operating officer of investment bank Goldman Sachs, to join his administration as chair of the White House National Economic Council. ](/news/2016/12/9/donald-trump-requests-gary-cohn-chief-operating-officer-of-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-to-join-his-administration-as-chair-of-the-white.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
3. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
4. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
5. [Goldman Sachs, the American multinational investment banking firm, launches an FDIC-insured, Internet-based savings bank. The Wall Street institution, whose investment banking account minimums are in the millions, sets a minimum deposit of $1 dollar for GSBank.com. ](/news/2016/04/25/goldman-sachs-the-american-multinational-investment-banking-firm-launches-an-fdic-insured-internet-based-savings-bank-the-wall-street-in.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
6. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
7. [U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman rules General Motors Co., and its outside law firm King & Spalding, do not have to turn over lawyer-client documents from previously settled ignition switch lawsuits to plaintiffs' lawyers in pending cases. ](/news/2015/11/25/u-s-district-judge-jesse-furman-rules-general-motors-co-and-its-outside-law-firm-king-spalding-do-not-have-to-turn-over-lawyer-client.md) _Context: U.S. District Judge_
8. [In a plea bargain with U.S. federal prosecutors, Rohit Bansal, a former Goldman Sachs banker accused of using private information leaked by source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has agreed to plead guilty. The leaked information was said to have given Goldman an undue advantage regarding client advisement. Goldman also faces fines from the New York State's Department of Financial Services. ](/news/2015/10/27/in-a-plea-bargain-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-rohit-bansal-a-former-goldman-sachs-banker-accused-of-using-private-information-leaked-by.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
9. [A United States district court judge orders documents turned over to hedge fund NML Capital with regard to the flow of funds in a February 9 issuance of Argentina dollar denominated sovereign bonds. ](/news/2015/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-judge-orders-documents-turned-over-to-hedge-fund-nml-capital-with-regard-to-the-flow-of-funds-in-a-february-9.md) _Context: U.S. District Judge_
10. [Goldman Sachs agrees to buy back $3.15 billion in low quality mortgage bonds that it dumped on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac preceding the financial crisis of 2007-08. ](/news/2014/08/23/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-buy-back-3-15-billion-in-low-quality-mortgage-bonds-that-it-dumped-on-fannie-mae-and-freddie-mac-preceding-the-fina.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
