### [2005-05-18](/news/2005/05/18/index.md)

#  Unrest in Uzbekistan: 36 foreign diplomats visit Andijan in a government-sponsored trip and under heavy guard. The Uzbek government continues to deny that civilians were killed. The official death toll has risen to 169 but some human rights groups state that it can be as high as 750. A group of Islamic rebels led by a man called Baxtiyor Rahimov claim that they now control the border town of Qorasuv. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4558759.stm)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/business/feeds/afx/2005/05/18/afx2036917.html)
3. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/05/18/news/uzbek.php)
4. [Mosnews](http://www.mosnews.com/news/2005/05/18/karimovdenies.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group ''Appeal'', says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. ](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Andijan, Qorasuv, Uzbekistan, unrest_
2. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Various governments, including that of the United States, demand further investigation into the events. Uzbek government troops report that they have retaken the town of Qorasuv. President Islom Karimov rejects calls for international inquiry. Oppositions group fear that state will begin active oppression against them ](/news/2005/05/19/unrest-in-uzbekistan-various-governments-including-that-of-the-united-states-demand-further-investigation-into-the-events-uzbek-governm.md) _Context: Qorasuv, Uzbekistan, unrest_
3. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: The Uzbek government says they will allow foreign diplomats to visit Andijan. Survivors from Andijan who have crossed the border to Kyrgyzstan say that government troops opened fire without warning and that they were shelled in the Kyrgyzstan border crossing. Opposition believes that as many as 745 may be dead. Official government death toll is 169. Government officials still deny that soldiers killed civilians ](/news/2005/05/17/unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-uzbek-government-says-they-will-allow-foreign-diplomats-to-visit-andijan-survivors-from-andijan-who-have-crossed.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
4. [ Amid continuing unrest In Uzbekistan, the city of Andijan is sealed. British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says there has been "a clear abuse of human rights" in Uzbekistan. ](/news/2005/05/15/amid-continuing-unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-city-of-andijan-is-sealed-british-foreign-secretary-jack-straw-says-there-has-been-a-clear-abus.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
5. [ Unrest In Uzbekistan: Thousands of protesters reappear on the streets of Andijan in Uzbekistan despite Friday's heavy bloodshed. ](/news/2005/05/14/unrest-in-uzbekistan-p-thousands-of-protesters-reappear-on-the-streets-of-andijan-in-uzbekistan-despite-friday-s-heavy-bloodshed.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
6. [ Unrest In Uzbekistan: Thousands of Uzbeks take over a high security jail in Andijan, freeing thousands of prisoners in protest against the jail sentence of 23 businessmen who were accused of being Islamic extremists. ](/news/2005/05/13/unrest-in-uzbekistan-p-thousands-of-uzbeks-take-over-a-high-security-jail-in-andijan-freeing-thousands-of-prisoners-in-protest-against-the.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
7. [ The US State Department says it may withhold aid to Uzbekistan unless the Uzbek government agrees to an international inquiry about the unrest in Andijan. The official death toll has risen to 187. ](/news/2005/07/13/the-us-state-department-says-it-may-withhold-aid-to-uzbekistan-unless-the-uzbek-government-agrees-to-an-international-inquiry-about-the-unr.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
8. [ Uzbekistan deports four members of human rights group International Helsinki Federation after they had investigated unrest in Andijan. ](/news/2005/06/16/uzbekistan-deports-four-members-of-human-rights-group-international-helsinki-federation-after-they-had-investigated-unrest-in-andijan.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
9. [ Three US senators visit Uzbekistan to demand investigation on the crackdown of unrest. ](/news/2005/05/29/three-us-senators-visit-uzbekistan-to-demand-investigation-on-the-crackdown-of-unrest.md) _Context: Uzbekistan, unrest_
10. [Uzbekistan Deputy Prime Minister Rustam Azimov is dismissed by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev, who had earlier criticized Azimov for failing to control financiers' activities. He is replaced by former Deputy Finance Minister Jamshed Kuchkarev. ](/news/2017/06/6/uzbekistan-deputy-prime-minister-rustam-azimov-is-dismissed-by-president-shavkat-mirziyoyev-who-had-earlier-criticized-azimov-for-failing-t.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
