### [2006-02-10](/news/2006/02/10/index.md)

#  National Hockey League great Wayne Gretzky has denied placing any bets with an illegal sport gambling operation. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/News/newsArticle.aspx?type=sportsNews&storyID=2006-02-10T132814Z_01_SP142097_RTRUKOC_0_US-ICE-HOCKEY-GAMBLING.xml)

### Related:

1. [ "The Great One" Wayne Gretzky plays his final game in the NHL. ](/news/1999/04/18/the-great-one-wayne-gretzky-plays-his-final-game-in-the-nhl.md) _Context: NHL, Wayne Gretzky_
2. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: NHL_
3. [Gordie Howe, who scored 801 goals, was a six-time most valuable player during 26 years in the National Hockey League and won four Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings, dies at the age of 88. ](/news/2016/06/10/gordie-howe-who-scored-801-goals-was-a-six-time-most-valuable-player-during-26-years-in-the-national-hockey-league-and-won-four-stanley-cu.md) _Context: NHL_
4. [The National Hockey League officially announces it will realign into a four-division structure and a modified division-based playoff system starting next season after the league's board of governors approves. The league's players association had previously given their approval as well. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-hockey-league-officially-announces-it-will-realign-into-a-four-division-structure-and-a-modified-division-based-playoff-system.md) _Context: NHL_
5. [Lindy Ruff, the active longest tenured coach in the National Hockey League is fired by the Buffalo Sabres after serving as the team's head coach for fifteen seasons. Ruff leaves the Sabres as the franchise's all time leader in wins and games coached. Ruff's 571 victories with the Sabres, rank second to Al Arbour's 709 with the New York Islanders. ](/news/2013/02/20/lindy-ruff-the-active-longest-tenured-coach-in-the-national-hockey-league-is-fired-by-the-buffalo-sabres-after-serving-as-the-team-s-head-c.md) _Context: NHL_
6. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Vancouver Canucks in a shooutout for the Blackhawks' sixteenth consecutive game without a regulation loss to start the 2012-13 NHL season, tying the 2006-07 Anaheim Ducks' record. Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa is forced to leave the game after being struck in the back of the head by Canucks forward Jannik Hansen. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-s-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-in-a-shooutout-for-the-blackhawks-sixteenth-con.md) _Context: NHL_
7. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: NHL_
8. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: NHL_
9. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League Players' Association overwhelmingly votes to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement reached with the league. NHL training camps are scheduled to open on January 13, with a shortened 48-game regular season to begin on January 19. ](/news/2013/01/12/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-overwhelmingly-votes-to-ratify-a-new-collective-bargaining-agreement-reached.md) _Context: NHL_
10. [In ice hockey, the Detroit Red Wings set a new record of 21 consecutive home victories in the National Hockey League by defeating the Dallas Stars 3-1. ](/news/2012/02/14/in-ice-hockey-the-detroit-red-wings-set-a-new-record-of-21-consecutive-home-victories-in-the-national-hockey-league-by-defeating-the-dallas.md) _Context: NHL_
