### [2004-06-7](/news/2004/06/7/index.md)

#  U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: The UN Security Council reaches a compromise agreement on the draft resolution on Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3780699.stm)

### Related:

1. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
3. [ The United States Army in Iraq announces a $10 million dollar reward for the capture of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a leader of the terrorist organization Ansar al-Islam, blamed for the deaths of unknown numbers of Iraqi citizens and U.S. military during the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq.](/news/2004/02/11/the-united-states-army-in-iraq-announces-a-10-million-dollar-reward-for-the-capture-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-a-leader-of-the-terrorist-org.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
4. [ Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. ](/news/2003/12/14/iraq-s-civil-administrator-l-paul-bremer-announces-that-saddam-hussein-was-captured-by-us-forces-saddam-was-found-approximately-15-km-sou.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: The UN Security Council unanimously approves a new US resolution on Iraq. Russia, Germany and France back the resolution but will not provide troops or money. A survey indicates poor morale amongst the US troops serving in Iraq.](/news/2003/10/16/occupation-of-iraq-the-un-security-council-unanimously-approves-a-new-us-resolution-on-iraq-russia-germany-and-france-back-the-resolutio.md) _Context: Iraq, UN Security Council_
6. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.](/news/2003/10/13/2003-occupation-of-iraq-new-draft-resolution-being-circulated-at-the-united-nations-aims-at-getting-international-aid-the-resolution-sets.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: United Nations Security council members are split on the issue of Iraq. France, Russia, People's Republic of China, and Germany are proposing differing ways to expand the United Nations mandate in Iraq beyond humanitarian aid and reconstruction. Secretary of State of the United States Colin Powell states that there is no plan to cede authority to the United Nations from the Coalition forces. Powell also sought a new Security Council resolution that would involve other nations to contribute troops and aid in securing and rebuilding Iraq.](/news/2003/08/22/occupation-of-iraq-united-nations-security-council-members-are-split-on-the-issue-of-iraq-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and.md) _Context: Iraq, UN Security Council_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Associated Press is reporting that troops in Iraq should expect to serve for at least a year according to the commander of United States forces.](/news/2003/08/12/occupation-of-iraq-the-associated-press-is-reporting-that-troops-in-iraq-should-expect-to-serve-for-at-least-a-year-according-to-the-comma.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council votes to lift its sanctions on Iraq and to give the United States and United Kingdom control over the country indefinitely until a democratic government is formed.](/news/2003/05/22/2003-occupation-of-iraq-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-to-lift-its-sanctions-on-iraq-and-to-give-the-united-states-and-united-k.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
10. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: United States and United Kingdom officials announce a change of policy concerning the redevelopment of Iraq. The establishment of an Iraq-led national assembly will be put off indefinitely, and Allied commanders will remain in charge, reportedly because no new government would have the necessary amount of real power.](/news/2003/05/16/2003-occupation-of-iraq-united-states-and-united-kingdom-officials-announce-a-change-of-policy-concerning-the-redevelopment-of-iraq-the-e.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
