### [2014-02-11](/news/2014/02/11/index.md)

# 2014 Winter Olympics:The International Olympic Committee lifts the suspension of the Indian Olympic Association effective immediately. Indian athletes are now able to compete at the 2014 Winter Olympics under their nation's flag. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-26131471)

### Related:

1. [The International Olympic Committee suspends India's national Olympic committee because of government interference in its election process. India's athletes will be barred from competing in Olympic events under their national flag, although the IOC could allow them to do so under the Olympic flag. ](/news/2012/12/4/the-international-olympic-committee-suspends-india-s-national-olympic-committee-because-of-government-interference-in-its-election-process.md) _Context: Indian Olympic Association, International Olympic Committee_
2. [International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Jacques Rogge inspects the site of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. ](/news/2010/06/7/international-olympic-committee-ioc-president-jacques-rogge-inspects-the-site-of-the-2014-winter-olympics-in-sochi-russia.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
3. [ The International Olympic Committee elects Sochi as the host city for the 2014 Winter Olympics during its session in Guatemala City. ](/news/2007/07/4/the-international-olympic-committee-elects-sochi-as-the-host-city-for-the-2014-winter-olympics-during-its-session-in-guatemala-city.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
4. [The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. ](/news/2016/08/4/the-international-olympic-committee-rules-that-271-of-the-389-athletes-nominated-by-the-russian-olympic-committee-will-be-eligible-to-partic.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
5. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
6. [The World Anti-Doping Agency finds that the Government of Russia was involved in an intensive doping program including at the 2014 Winter Olympics at Sochi. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-world-anti-doping-agency-finds-that-the-government-of-russia-was-involved-in-an-intensive-doping-program-including-at-the-2014-winter-ol.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics_
7. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
8. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
9. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
10. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
