### [1999-03-24](/news/1999/03/24/index.md)

#  NATO launches air strikes in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia which was force to sign a peace treaty. This marks the first time NATO attacked a sovereign country




### Related:

1. [Enlargement of NATO. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/enlargement-of-nato-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-y.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
2. [ Kosovo War: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and NATO sign a peace treaty.](/news/1999/06/9/kosovo-war-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-and-nato-sign-a-peace-treaty.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
3. [ Kosovo War: Operation Joint Guardian begins - NATO-led United Nations peacekeeping force KFOR enter the province of Kosovo in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.](/news/1999/06/12/kosovo-war-operation-joint-guardian-begins-nato-led-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-kfor-enter-the-province-of-kosovo-in-federal-repub.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
4. [ Kosovo War: In Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, three Chinese embassy workers are killed and 20 wounded when a NATO aircraft mistakenly bombs the Chinese embassy in Belgrade.](/news/1999/05/7/kosovo-war-in-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-three-chinese-embassy-workers-are-killed-and-20-wounded-when-a-nato-aircraft-mistakenly-bomb.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
5. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [Montenegro-NATO relations. Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
7. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO. The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: NATO_
