### [2002-09-20](/news/2002/09/20/index.md)

#  U.S. plan to invade Iraq: White House and Pentagon officials announce that Gen. Tommy Franks presented detailed war plans to President Bush in early September.




### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
2. [ "The New York Times" reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-new-york-times-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-memo-that-shows-george-w-bush-was-determined-to-go-to-war-at-least-two-months-before-the-2.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
3. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
4. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ Abud Sarhan, a shepherd, sues US Army General Franks and Secretary Rumsfeld following the deaths of 17 family members during the invasion of Iraq](/news/2003/06/13/abud-sarhan-a-shepherd-sues-us-army-general-franks-and-secretary-rumsfeld-following-the-deaths-of-17-family-members-during-the-invasion-o.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Gen. Tommy Franks_
6. [ U.S. General Tommy Franks, who commanded American-led forces in the recent conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, announces his retirement.](/news/2003/05/22/u-s-general-tommy-franks-who-commanded-american-led-forces-in-the-recent-conflicts-in-afghanistan-and-iraq-announces-his-retirement.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Gen. Tommy Franks_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush says that U.S.-led coalition victory in the 2003 Iraq war is "certain, but not complete."](/news/2003/04/14/u-s-president-george-w-bush-says-that-u-s-led-coalition-victory-in-the-2003-iraq-war-is-certain-but-not-complete.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
8. [ Ari Fleischer, press secretary to U.S. President George W. Bush, gives credit to The Pentagon for the apparent victory in the 2003 Iraq war.[http://www.washtimes.com/national/20030415-2212014.htm ]date=September 2015](/news/2003/04/13/ari-fleischer-press-secretary-to-u-s-president-george-w-bush-gives-credit-to-the-pentagon-for-the-apparent-victory-in-the-2003-iraq-war.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
9. [ US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/us-invasion-of-iraq-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-speech-that-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-and-his-sons-have-48-hour.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
10. [ Several thousand people marched in Denver, Colorado, to protest the U.S. plan to invade Iraq when President Bush visited the city.](/news/2002/09/27/several-thousand-people-marched-in-denver-colorado-to-protest-the-u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-when-president-bush-visited-the-city.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
