### [2006-09-8](/news/2006/09/8/index.md)

#  Ralph "Bucky" Phillips, the most recent addition to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, surrenders to Pennsylvania State Police. He is wanted for shooting three New York State troopers, one of whom died, after he escaped from jail. 




### Source:

1. [The Buffalo News](http://www.buffalonews.com/editorial/20060909/1051743.asp)

### Related:

1. [Ralph "Bucky" Phillips is the most recent addition to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list following his jail break and suspected shooting of New York State troopers. ](/news/2006/09/7/ralph-bucky-phillips-is-the-most-recent-addition-to-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list-following-his-jail-break-and-suspected-shooting.md) _Context: 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list, New York State, Ralph "Bucky" Phillips_
2. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
3. [November 2014 North American cold wave: Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/november-2014-north-american-cold-wave-lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michi.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
4. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
5. [A shooting at a highway in Blair County, Pennsylvania kills three people and wounds three others. The gunman was killed in a shootout with police, and among the casualties were state troopers. ](/news/2012/12/21/a-shooting-at-a-highway-in-blair-county-pennsylvania-kills-three-people-and-wounds-three-others-the-gunman-was-killed-in-a-shootout-with-p.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania State Police_
6. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:: Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
7. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:: The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
8. [An earthquake occurs 56 kilometres north-northeast of Ottawa, registering a 5.0 on the Richter scale. Slight damage was reported near the epicenter, and the tremor was felt in Sudbury, Windsor, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Toronto, Milwaukee, Northern Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York State. ](/news/2010/06/23/an-earthquake-occurs-56-kilometres-north-northeast-of-ottawa-registering-a-5-0-on-the-richter-scale-slight-damage-was-reported-near-the-ep.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
9. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I-ve seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
10. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
