### [2012-07-6](/news/2012/07/6/index.md)

# After a partial vote recount, Enrique Pena Nieto is confirmed as the winner of the 2012 Mexican presidential election 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/18736492)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of people demonstrate in Mexico City over alleged vote buying in the country's presidential election, which saw Enrique Pena Nieto elected. ](/news/2012/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-demonstrate-in-mexico-city-over-alleged-vote-buying-in-the-country-s-presidential-election-which-saw-enrique-pe.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
2. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
3. [Mexico's presidential runner-up and PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, files a lawsuit against Enrique Pena Nieto for alleged vote-buyings, biased media coverage, and manipulated opinion polls in the recent Mexican elections. ](/news/2012/07/13/mexico-s-presidential-runner-up-and-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-files-a-lawsuit-against-enrique-pea-a-nieto-for-alleged-vo.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
4. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Australia-United States relations. Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
5. [IUCN Red List. American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/iucn-red-list-american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porp.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
6. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancels the meeting scheduled for next week with U.S. President Donald Trump, citing his plan to build a border wall between the two countries. ](/news/2017/01/26/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-cancels-the-meeting-scheduled-for-next-week-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
7. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
8. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
9. [Mexico-United States relations. U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexico-united-states-relations-u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
10. [North American Leaders' Summit aka the "Three Amigos Summit". Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/north-american-leaders-summit-aka-the-three-amigos-summit-takes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-preside.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
