### [2012-07-6](/news/2012/07/6/index.md)

# Associated Press reports that Yahoo! and Facebook have resolved a patent dispute. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Digital Times](http://news.brisbanetimes.com.au/breaking-news-technology/source-yahoo-facebook-have-settled-patent-fight-20120707-21na7.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Facebook, Yahoo Inc._
2. [PRISM (U.S. government surveillance program):The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/prism-u-s-government-surveillance-program-pthe-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data.md) _Context: Facebook, Yahoo Inc._
3. [Internet portal company Yahoo warns social network company Facebook that it believes Facebook has infringed on several Yahoo patents, between 10 and 20. ](/news/2012/02/27/internet-portal-company-yahoo-warns-social-network-company-facebook-that-it-believes-facebook-has-infringed-on-several-yahoo-patents-betwee.md) _Context: Facebook, Yahoo Inc._
4. [Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube.  ](/news/2010/08/27/paul-allen-s-company-interval-licensing-llc-files-a-patent-infringement-lawsuit-against-google-apple-computer-aol-ebay-facebook-netfl.md) _Context: Facebook, Yahoo Inc._
5. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Facebook_
6. [Cleveland police search for a suspect identified in a Facebook video showing one man shooting an elderly man. ](/news/2017/04/16/cleveland-police-search-for-a-suspect-identified-in-a-facebook-video-showing-one-man-shooting-an-elderly-man.md) _Context: Facebook_
7. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [Verizon Communications agrees to buy the core business at Yahoo Inc. for $4.48 billion. Completion of this July 2016 deal had been delayed because of two data breaches Yahoo disclosed last year. ](/news/2017/02/21/verizon-communications-agrees-to-buy-the-core-business-at-yahoo-inc-for-4-48-billion-completion-of-this-july-2016-deal-had-been-delayed-b.md) _Context: Yahoo Inc._
9. [Mark Zuckerberg publishes a new mission statement for his website, Facebook, including the development of artificial intelligence to identify potential tragic events such as suicides before they occur. ](/news/2017/02/17/mark-zuckerberg-publishes-a-new-mission-statement-for-his-website-facebook-including-the-development-of-artificial-intelligence-to-identif.md) _Context: Facebook_
10. [A jury finds in favor of video game publisher ZeniMax Media after the trial of its copyright lawsuit against Oculus and Facebook, regarding virtual reality coding. [http://www.reuters.com/article/facebook-lawsuit-idUSL1N1FM229 (Reuters)].](/news/2017/02/1/a-jury-finds-in-favor-of-video-game-publisher-zenimax-media-after-the-trial-of-its-copyright-lawsuit-against-oculus-and-facebook-regarding.md) _Context: Facebook_
