### [2012-07-6](/news/2012/07/6/index.md)

# For the second time in history and with the same person, the Parliament of Romania votes to suspend President Traian Basescu from office. On 29 July 2012 he will face a national referendum for his dismissal. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18736284)

### Related:

1. [The Constitutional Court of Romania postpones a decision regarding the impeachment referendum of suspended President Traian Basescu until 31 August 2012, to allow time for the reevaluation of the permanent electoral lists. ](/news/2012/08/2/the-constitutional-court-of-romania-postpones-a-decision-regarding-the-impeachment-referendum-of-suspended-president-traian-basescu-until-3.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
2. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for an impeachment referendum against the President of Romania Traian Basescu. ](/news/2012/07/29/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-an-impeachment-referendum-against-the-president-of-romania-traian-basescu.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
3. [Both houses of the Romanian parliament widely adopt a joint statement urging Romania's president Traian Basescu to resign, following corruption scandals involving his arrested brother's graft case and one of his sons-in-law's implication in a criminal investigation. ](/news/2014/06/25/both-houses-of-the-romanian-parliament-widely-adopt-a-joint-statement-urging-romania-s-president-traian-basescu-to-resign-following-corrup.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, Traian Basescu_
4. [Romanian President Traian Basescu denies any implication in his brother's graft case in which he is charged with receiving 250,000 euros in order to facilitate the release of a well-known incarcerated mobster. Hours after the president's press conference, his brother, Mircea, was arrested for 24h.](/news/2014/06/19/romanian-president-traian-basescu-denies-any-implication-in-his-brother-s-graft-case-in-which-he-is-charged-with-receiving-250-000-euros-in.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
5. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
6. [Romanian President Traian Basescu could survive the referendum on his impeachment that shows a massive vote against him but under 50% turnout.The Constitutional Court of Romania will give the final word on whether to validate the referendum later this week.](/news/2012/07/30/romanian-president-traian-basescu-could-survive-the-referendum-on-his-impeachment-that-shows-a-massive-vote-against-him-but-under-50-turno.md) _Context: Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
7. [The current governing coalition in Romania, the Social Liberal Union, starts a fast-paced parliamentary offensive against President Traian Basescu by dismissing the leaders of both chambers of Parliament. ](/news/2012/07/3/the-current-governing-coalition-in-romania-the-social-liberal-union-starts-a-fast-paced-parliamentary-offensive-against-president-traian-b.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, President_
8. [Suspended Romanian President Traian Basescu urges his supporters to boycott this Sunday's referendum on his dismissal. ](/news/2012/07/27/suspended-romanian-president-traian-basescu-urges-his-supporters-to-boycott-this-sunday-s-referendum-on-his-dismissal.md) _Context: Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
9. [Violent protests occur in Bucharest, Romania, as two-day-old demonstrations continue against President Traian Basescu's economic austerity measures. Clashes are reported in numerous Romanian cities between protesters and law enforcement officers. ](/news/2012/01/14/violent-protests-occur-in-bucharest-romania-as-two-day-old-demonstrations-continue-against-president-traian-basescu-s-economic-austerity.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
10. [The Constitutional Court of Romania rules that government budget plans are "unconstitutional"; this decision cannot be appealed. Dozens of people trying to request an audience with President Traian Basescu at his palace are beaten back by riot police. ](/news/2010/06/25/the-constitutional-court-of-romania-rules-that-government-budget-plans-are-unconstitutional-this-decision-cannot-be-appealed-dozens-of-p.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
