### [2012-07-6](/news/2012/07/6/index.md)

# Former "de facto" President of Argentina Jorge Videla and General Reynaldo Bignone are found guilty of overseeing the systematic theft of at least 400 babies from political prisoners during military rule's Dirty War. 

Two former military leaders in Argentina have been found guilty of overseeing the systematic theft of babies from political prisoners.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-18733113)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in Argentina. Reynaldo Bignone, the last military President of Argentina, is sentenced to twenty years imprisonment for his role in the forced disappearance of more than 100 people in Operation Condor. ](/news/2016/05/27/human-rights-in-argentina-reynaldo-bignone-the-last-military-president-of-argentina-is-sentenced-to-twenty-years-imprisonment-for-his-rol.md) _Context: President of Argentina, Reynaldo Bignone_
2. [ An Argentine federal court overturns the pardons issued to General Jorge Videla and former Admiral Emilio Massera following convictions received for their activities during the "Dirty War" of the 1970s. The repeal of the pardons is largely symbolic, since the two are already under house arrest and serving lengthy sentences for other crimes. ](/news/2007/04/25/an-argentine-federal-court-overturns-the-pardons-issued-to-general-jorge-videla-and-former-admiral-emilio-massera-following-convictions-rec.md) _Context: Dirty War, Jorge Videla_
3. [Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is indicted on corruption charges. ](/news/2016/12/27/former-president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-is-indicted-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
4. [Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez is indicted on fraud charges in relation to alleged irregularities in the sale of United States dollars by the Central Bank during her term in office. ](/news/2016/05/13/former-president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-is-indicted-on-fraud-charges-in-relation-to-alleged-irregularities-in-the-sale-of-united-s.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
5. [Argentine general election, 2015. Voters in Argentina went to the polls Sunday to select a new President and legislature. The race to be Argentina's next president heads for a November 22 runoff. With 80 percent of polling places reporting, opposition, Republican Proposal (PRO) candidate Mauricio Macri, and ruling party, Justicialist Party (PJ) candidate Daniel Scioli each have 35 percent of the votes. ](/news/2015/10/25/argentine-general-election-2015-voters-in-argentina-went-to-the-polls-sunday-to-select-a-new-president-and-legislature-the-race-to-be-arg.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
6. [The investigator into the death of Argentinian prosecutor Alberto Nisman states that Nisman had drafted a request that President Cristina Fernandez be arrested for allegedly attempting to derail his investigation of the 1994 AMIA bombing that killed 85 people. ](/news/2015/02/3/the-investigator-into-the-death-of-argentinian-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-states-that-nisman-had-drafted-a-request-that-president-cristina-fe.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
7. [Argentine federal prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who had accused President Cristina Kirchner of covering up Iranian links to the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in order to open up trade with Iran, dies of a gunshot wound to the head with the type of death still undetermined. ](/news/2015/01/19/argentine-federal-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-who-had-accused-president-cristina-kirchner-of-covering-up-iranian-links-to-the-1994-bombing-of.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
8. [President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner of Argentina successfully undergoes surgery to remove a subdural hematoma. Presidential duties will be carried out by Vice President Amado Boudou for the duration of Kirchner's estimated month-long recovery. ](/news/2013/10/9/president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-of-argentina-successfully-undergoes-surgery-to-remove-a-subdural-hematoma-presidential-duties-will.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
9. [Jorge Rafael Videla, who served as President of Argentina after the 1976 Argentine coup d'tat, dies at the age of 87 in a jail of Marcos Paz, Buenos Aires. ](/news/2013/05/17/jorge-rafael-videla-who-served-as-president-of-argentina-after-the-1976-argentine-coup-d-etat-dies-at-the-age-of-87-in-a-jail-of-marcos-pa.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
10. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
