### [2012-07-6](/news/2012/07/6/index.md)

# The United States Department of Labor monthly jobs report shows that the US economy added 80,000 jobs in June. 




### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://economywatch.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/07/06/12600163-gloomy-jobs-report-raises-pressure-on-the-fed?lite)

### Related:

1. [ Economy of the United States: "Nonfarm payroll employment increased by 308,000 in March, and the unemployment rate was about unchanged at 5.7 percent, the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor reported today. Payroll job growth was fairly widespread, as construction employment rose sharply and several major service-providing industries also added jobs." ](/news/2004/04/2/economy-of-the-united-states-nonfarm-payroll-employment-increased-by-308-000-in-march-and-the-unemployment-rate-was-about-unchanged-at-5.md) _Context: Economy of the United States, United States Department of Labor_
2. [U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer announces he will resign in mid-October, eight months before his term expires. ](/news/2017/09/6/u-s-federal-reserve-vice-chair-stanley-fischer-announces-he-will-resign-in-mid-october-eight-months-before-his-term-expires.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
3. [United Technologies Corp will buy airplane parts maker Rockwell Collins for USD$30 Billion, including seven billion in debt previously incurred by Rockwell Collins. ](/news/2017/09/4/united-technologies-corp-will-buy-airplane-parts-maker-rockwell-collins-for-usd-30-billion-including-seven-billion-in-debt-previously-incur.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
4. [ The U.S. Federal Reserve announces its benchmark interest rate will not change this month, though it expects an increase by the end of the year, along with three increases in 2018 and two in 2019. The Federal Reserve also says its balance sheet reduction program will begin in October. ](/news/2017/09/20/the-u-s-federal-reserve-announces-its-benchmark-interest-rate-will-not-change-this-month-though-it-expects-an-increase-by-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
5. [The U.S. economy added over 200,000 jobs last month, dropping the country's unemployment rate to match a previous 16-year low at 4.3%. Wage growth remained below the Federal Reserve Board's target of 3.5%. ](/news/2017/08/4/the-u-s-economy-added-over-200-000-jobs-last-month-dropping-the-country-s-unemployment-rate-to-match-a-previous-16-year-low-at-4-3-wage.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
6. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
7. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-delivery.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
8. [Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-ahead-for-the-economy-of-the-un.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
9. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Labor sues Peter Thiel's Palantir Technologies for alleged discrimination against Asians in its hiring practices. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-labor-sues-peter-thiel-s-palantir-technologies-for-alleged-discrimination-a.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
10. [The U.S. Labor Department releases a long-awaited rule, the so-called persuader rule that was first proposed in 2011. The regulation requires companies to disclose when they seek advice about countering union campaigns. The final rule will apply to contracts beginning on July 1, 2016. Several business groups, such as the National Retail Federation, the Associated Builders and Contractors, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, object because the rule limits employers' free speech rights to counter union organizing, it could interfere with attorney-client privilege, etc. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-u-s-labor-department-releases-a-long-awaited-rule-the-so-called-persuader-rule-that-was-first-proposed-in-2011-the-regulation-require.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
