### [2012-07-6](/news/2012/07/6/index.md)

# The California State Senate votes to approve funding for a bullet train between Los Angeles and San Francisco. 

California lawmakers approve financing for a bullet train that would eventually become part of the first dedicated high-speed line in the US.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-18748717)

### Related:

1. [A San Francisco-bound Southwest Airlines flight returned to Los Angeles after an apparent altercation on the plane. Eyewitness accounts indicate that the fracas may have begun after one passenger reclined her seat, and the passenger behind her  allegedly "started choking her." One passenger was removed from the flight. The airline moved the remaining passengers to a different plane to resume their journey to San Francisco. ](/news/2015/10/18/a-san-francisco-bound-southwest-airlines-flight-returned-to-los-angeles-after-an-apparent-altercation-on-the-plane-eyewitness-accounts-indi.md) _Context: Los Angeles, San Francisco_
2. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
3. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
4. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
5. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
6. [A gun battle that started when three armed men returned to a restaurant in Los Angeles, leaves 3 people dead and 12 others wounded. Police set up a dragnet for the suspects. ](/news/2016/10/15/a-gun-battle-that-started-when-three-armed-men-returned-to-a-restaurant-in-los-angeles-leaves-3-people-dead-and-12-others-wounded-police-s.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
7. [The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards is held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles with ''Game of Thrones'' winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, ''Veep'' winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series and ''The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story'' winning the Emmy for Outstanding Limited Series. ](/news/2016/09/18/the-68th-primetime-emmy-awards-is-held-at-the-microsoft-theater-in-los-angeles-with-game-of-thrones-winning-the-emmy-award-for-outstandi.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
8. [The out-of-control Pilot Fire hits 7,500 acres of bone-dry tinder and brush in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles. More than 5,000 homes are under evacuation orders. Authorities shut down school districts in the area. ](/news/2016/08/9/the-out-of-control-pilot-fire-hits-7-500-acres-of-bone-dry-tinder-and-brush-in-the-san-bernardino-mountains-east-of-los-angeles-more-than-5.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
9. [A seventeen-square mile fire continues to burn in Santa Clarita, California, near Los Angeles. ](/news/2016/07/23/a-seventeen-square-mile-fire-continues-to-burn-in-santa-clarita-california-near-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
10. [The nominees are announced in Los Angeles. ''Game of Thrones'', ''Veep'' and ''The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story'' lead in nominations. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-nominees-are-announced-in-los-angeles-game-of-thrones-veep-and-the-people-v-o-j-simpson-american-crime-story-lead-in-n.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
