### [2010-09-12](/news/2010/09/12/index.md)

# 95 farm workers are rescued from difficult living conditions in two south-eastern states (Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro (state)) of Brazil. 

The Brazilian authorities say they have rescued 95 farm workers who were being kept in slave-like conditions in two south-eastern states, reports say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-11274877)

### Related:

1. [Operation Car Wash: Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/operation-car-wash-brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-g.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
2. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
3. [Minas Gerais dam disaster: Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep. Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/minas-gerais-dam-disaster-thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
4. [Minas Gerais dam disaster: An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco MineracGBPo, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/minas-gerais-dam-disaster-an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
5. [At least ten people are killed in Brazil's Minas Gerais state after a bus accident. ](/news/2013/07/13/at-least-ten-people-are-killed-in-brazil-s-minas-gerais-state-after-a-bus-accident.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
6. [Widespread blackout in eight Brazilian states. ](/news/2011/02/6/widespread-blackout-in-eight-brazilian-states.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian state_
7. [Floods in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, kill more than 250 people. ](/news/2011/01/12/floods-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-kill-more-than-250-people.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [A teenager is shot dead and another is wounded by a further shot during a gay pride parade attended by around 70,000 people in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, Brazil. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-teenager-is-shot-dead-and-another-is-wounded-by-a-further-shot-during-a-gay-pride-parade-attended-by-around-70-000-people-in-juiz-de-fora.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
9. [Rescue efforts continue in Brazil in an attempt to locate around 200 people believed to have been buried in their homes by a large landslide in Morro do Bumba near Rio de Janeiro city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2010/04/9/rescue-efforts-continue-in-brazil-in-an-attempt-to-locate-around-200-people-believed-to-have-been-buried-in-their-homes-by-a-large-landslide.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [About 103 people are killed in flooding and mudslides in Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil. Of the total, thirty-three people died in the city of Rio de Janeiro, while 33 were killed in the neighbouring city of Niteroi, 12 people dead in SGBPo Goncalo, and one in Petropolis. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8605386.stm (BBC)] [http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/04/201046151148528719.html (Al Jazeera)] [http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-04/06/c_13239687.htm (Xinhua)] [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5i3lzkJbjU27HrIF8LBB2DAuM3g-gD9ETMID82 (AP)] [http://www.estadao.com.br/noticias/geral,maior-temporal-em-44-anos-no-rj-ja-causou-103-mortes,534623,0.htm (O Estado de S. Paulo)]](/news/2010/04/6/about-103-people-are-killed-in-flooding-and-mudslides-in-rio-de-janeiro-state-in-brazil-of-the-total-thirty-three-people-died-in-the-city.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
