### [2010-09-12](/news/2010/09/12/index.md)

# Israeli soldiers identify a group of armed men approaching Israel from Gaza near Kibbutz Erez, killing three; Palestinian sources claim that two were farmers. 

Soldiers identify a group of armed men approaching security fence near Kibbutz Erez and kill 3; IDF reports no soldier casualties.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11278903)
2. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/LDE68B0DT.htm)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=187857)

### Related:

1. [Israel Defense Forces launch air strikes on the Gaza Strip after militants fire mortars and rockets at Israel resulting in 19 Palestineans being injured. ](/news/2011/03/21/israel-defense-forces-launch-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-after-militants-fire-mortars-and-rockets-at-israel-resulting-in-19-palestineans-b.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
6. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
7. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
