### [2016-04-1](/news/2016/04/1/index.md)

# Health authorities in Fiji are urging people to observe strict personal hygiene as the country goes through a massive outbreak of conjunctivitis. In the past 14 days alone the number of cases of the virus in one district of Suva have jumped from 700 to 5000 cases. 

Health authorities in Fiji are urging people to observe strict personal hygiene as the country goes through a massive outbreak of conjunctivitus or Pink Eye. 


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/programmes/datelinepacific/audio/201795414/fiji-pink-eye-outbreak-sees-5000-cases-in-two-weeks)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Fiji Mahendra Chaudry appears in a Suva court to face charges of tax evasion and money laundering. ](/news/2010/07/30/former-prime-minister-of-fiji-mahendra-chaudry-appears-in-a-suva-court-to-face-charges-of-tax-evasion-and-money-laundering.md) _Context: Fiji, Suva_
2. [ A court case to challenge the overthrow of Laisenia Qarase's government of Fiji opens in Suva. ](/news/2007/10/4/a-court-case-to-challenge-the-overthrow-of-laisenia-qarase-s-government-of-fiji-opens-in-suva.md) _Context: Fiji, Suva_
3. [ An Australian Army Black Hawk helicopter is lost at sea off the coast of Fiji where it had been operating from HMAS ''Kanimbla'' (L-51) preparing to evacuate Australian civilians in the event of a coup. The Fijian military is holding an exercise in the capital Suva claiming there are fears of a "foreign intervention". ](/news/2006/11/29/an-australian-army-black-hawk-helicopter-is-lost-at-sea-off-the-coast-of-fiji-where-it-had-been-operating-from-hmas-kanimbla-l-51-pre.md) _Context: Fiji, Suva_
4. [Fiji authorities detain two opposition party leaders, a prominent trade unionist, and another opposition activist, following their participation in Wednesday's forum on the Pacific island's 2013 constitution. A police spokesperson told the ''Fiji Times'' that several people were being questioned about comments made at the forum that, "Could affect the safety and security of all Fijians." ](/news/2016/09/10/fiji-authorities-detain-two-opposition-party-leaders-a-prominent-trade-unionist-and-another-opposition-activist-following-their-participa.md) _Context: Fiji_
5. [Proposal for a new flag of Fiji:Fiji prime minister Voreqe Bainimarama scraps plans to change the flag of Fiji as the feel-good factor envelops the Pacific nation following a first Olympic medal, a gold in men's rugby sevens. ](/news/2016/08/18/proposal-for-a-new-flag-of-fiji-pfiji-prime-minister-voreqe-bainimarama-scraps-plans-to-change-the-flag-of-fiji-as-the-feel-good-factor-enve.md) _Context: Fiji_
6. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji,  the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions.  ](/news/2016/06/9/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup-d-a-c-tat-key-is-hoping-to-imp.md) _Context: Fiji_
7. [Fiji's ambassador to the United Nations Peter Thomson is elected as President of the United Nations General Assembly for its 71st session. ](/news/2016/06/13/fiji-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-peter-thomson-is-elected-as-president-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-for-its-71st-session.md) _Context: Fiji_
8. [Cyclone Zena, now a category 3 storm, heads for Fiji, where a tropical depression already dumped up to 12 inches of rain on the western and northern parts of Fiji's largest and most populous island, Viti Levu, triggering major flash flooding that's killed at least two people. The archipelago is still recovering from category 5 Cyclone Winston that killed 44 people in February. ](/news/2016/04/6/cyclone-zena-now-a-category-3-storm-heads-for-fiji-where-a-tropical-depression-already-dumped-up-to-12-inches-of-rain-on-the-western-and.md) _Context: Fiji_
9. [Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured.  Authorities say  five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current  identified destruction is  more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields.  However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-authorities-say-five-percent-of-the-country-45-245-people-i.md) _Context: Fiji_
10. [The death toll from Cyclone Winston in Fiji rises to 29. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-winston-in-fiji-rises-to-29.md) _Context: Fiji_
