### [2016-04-1](/news/2016/04/1/index.md)

# In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. 

A second day of severe weather batters the US with damaging hail and torrential rain hitting Oklahoma and Louisiana.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/04/tornadoes-flatten-homes-midwest-160401093507880.html)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Southern United States, United States, midwestern, tornado_
2. [Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28-30, 2017: The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/tornado-outbreak-and-floods-of-april-28-30-2017-the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-r.md) _Context: Southern United States, midwestern, tornado_
3. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter: 2015-2016 El Nino event: At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: Southern United States, midwestern, tornado_
4. [A powerful storm system hits Midwestern and Southern United States spawning a dozen tornadoes and killing 3 people. ](/news/2013/04/12/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-spawning-a-dozen-tornadoes-and-killing-3-people.md) _Context: Southern United States, midwestern, tornado_
5. [US tornado outbreak: Tornados hit the midwestern and southern United States two days after the 2012 Leap Day tornado outbreak. ](/news/2012/03/2/us-tornado-outbreak-tornados-hit-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-two-days-after-the-2012-leap-day-tornado-outbreak.md) _Context: Southern United States, midwestern, tornado_
6. [Tornadoes touch down in midwestern and southern United States, including Washington County, Arkansas; Greater St. Louis, Sunset Hills, Missouri, Illinois and Oklahoma, with a few tornadoes in the early hours of January 1, 2011. A total 36 tornadoes touched down, resulting in the deaths of 9 people.](/news/2010/12/31/tornadoes-touch-down-in-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-including-washington-county-arkansas-greater-st-louis-sunset-hills-misso.md) _Context: Southern United States, United States, midwestern_
7. [ At least 27 tornadoes kill six people throughout the Southern United States. ](/news/2009/04/10/at-least-27-tornadoes-kill-six-people-throughout-the-southern-united-states.md) _Context: Southern United States, United States, tornado_
8. [Tornadoes of 2016: At least two people are dead and 30 injured after a suspected tornado hits a trailer park near the village of Convent, Louisiana. At least one other person has died in the Deep South of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/23/tornadoes-of-2016-at-least-two-people-are-dead-and-30-injured-after-a-suspected-tornado-hits-a-trailer-park-near-the-village-of-convent-lo.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
9. [Tornadoes of 2015: The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/tornadoes-of-2015-the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-a.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015: Officials report the casualties from yesterday's spring-like storm that triggered more than 20 tornadoes, destroyed homes, delayed and cancelled air flights, and caused power outages in the U.S. Midwest and Southeast have risen to at least 11 people killed with dozens injured. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in areas affected by the storm. ](/news/2015/12/24/tornadoes-of-2015-officials-report-the-casualties-from-yesterday-s-spring-like-storm-that-triggered-more-than-20-tornadoes-destroyed-homes.md) _Context: United States, midwestern_
