### [2016-04-1](/news/2016/04/1/index.md)

# International monitors from the OSCE report that fighting has intensified in Eastern Ukraine as a second year of a shaky truce begins. The worst of the fighting is located between government-controlled Avdiivka and separatist-controlled Yasynuvata. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/spike-in-fighting-ukraine-cease-fire-avdiivka-yasynuvata/27648459.html)

### Related:

1. [The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe warns that the situation in Eastern Ukraine is worsening. Chief monitor for Ukraine Ertugrul Apakan says that "during the past weeks, the OSCE has registered the highest number of cease-fire violations in months" and warned that artillery and mortars banned under Minsk II "are being used again in increased numbers." ](/news/2016/04/28/the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-warns-that-the-situation-in-eastern-ukraine-is-worsening-chief-monitor-for-ukraine.md) _Context: OSCE, War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
2. [ A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-near-luhansk.md) _Context: OSCE, War in Donbass_
3. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
4. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
5. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
6. [A Ukrainian military spokesman says three of its soldiers were killed by a mortar attack in the country's east, the heaviest toll reported in the region in nearly two months. ](/news/2016/04/20/a-ukrainian-military-spokesman-says-three-of-its-soldiers-were-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-the-country-s-east-the-heaviest-toll-reported-i.md) _Context: War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
7. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
8. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij  Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found  on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to  the remains.  ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an.md) _Context: War in Donbass, eastern Ukraine_
9. [OSCE observers who are monitoring a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebels, reported the presence of a new Russian weapons system in rebel-held territory this week, the 'TOS-1 Buratino' is a thermobaric multiple rocket launcher system which can destroy several city blocks in one strike and cause indiscriminate damage. Only Russia produces the system and it was not exported to Ukraine before the conflict broke out. ](/news/2015/10/2/osce-observers-who-are-monitoring-a-ceasefire-in-eastern-ukraine-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-rebels-reported-the-presenc.md) _Context: OSCE, War in Donbass_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: War in Donbass, Yasynuvata_
