### [2016-04-1](/news/2016/04/1/index.md)

# Moldovan presidential election, 2016. 2015-16 protests in Moldova. The Parliament of Moldova announces that the country will hold a Presidential election on October 30. A court in early March ruled in favor of having a direct national election to choose a president rather than a vote in parliament, a concession to protesters who have been demonstrating for months against the political elite. This will be the first time since 2001 that the public will choose their country's president directly. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/moldova-presidential-election-october/27648588.html)

### Related:

1. [Moldova's parliament approves a new government despite ongoing protests calling for snap elections. ](/news/2016/01/20/moldova-s-parliament-approves-a-new-government-despite-ongoing-protests-calling-for-snap-elections.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Moldova, Moldova, Parliament_
2. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016. Voters in Moldova head to the polls in the country's presidential runoff between two opposition candidates, Igor Dodon, from the pro-Russian socialist PSRM, and Maia Sandu, from the pro-EU liberal PAS, with Dodon expected to win. Preliminary results, in this first Moldovan election where the president is chosen by national votes rather than by parliament, will be announced Monday. ](/news/2016/11/13/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-moldova-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-presidential-runoff-between-two-opposition-candid.md) _Context: Moldova, Moldovan presidential election_
3. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016. Voters in Moldova go to the polls for a presidential election. A run off election will be held on November 13 between Igor Dodon and Maia Sandu after no candidate achieved a majority of votes. ](/news/2016/10/30/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-moldova-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-a-run-off-election-will-be-held-on-nove.md) _Context: Moldova, Moldovan presidential election_
4. [2015-16 protests in Moldova. Protests continue in Moldova as thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrate in the capital Chisinau despite concessions given to the protesters last month by the government. ](/news/2016/04/24/2015-16-protests-in-moldova-protests-continue-in-moldova-as-thousands-of-anti-government-protesters-demonstrate-in-the-capital-chieinau.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Moldova, Moldova_
5. [2015-16 protests in Moldova. Thousands of people rally in the streets of Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, demanding reunification with Romania. The rally is meant to mark the 98th anniversary since the former Romanian province of Bessarabia was unified with the Kingdom of Romania on March 27, 1918. The protesters say unification with Romania is the way for corruption-ridden Moldova to move forward and join the European Union. ](/news/2016/03/27/2015-16-protests-in-moldova-thousands-of-people-rally-in-the-streets-of-chieinau-the-capital-of-moldova-demanding-reunification-with.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Moldova, Moldova_
6. [ Police in Chisinau reclaim Moldova's Parliament from protesters of the Communist Party's absolute majority in the country's legislative election. ](/news/2009/04/8/police-in-chiainau-reclaim-moldova-s-parliament-from-protesters-of-the-communist-party-s-absolute-majority-in-the-country-s-legislative-e.md) _Context: Moldova, Parliament_
7. [ Demonstrators in Chisinau protest the Communist Party's absolute majority in Moldova's parliamentary election. ](/news/2009/04/7/demonstrators-in-chiainau-protest-the-communist-party-s-absolute-majority-in-moldova-s-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Moldova, Parliament_
8. [ The Communist Party wins an absolute majority in Moldova's parliamentary election. ](/news/2009/04/5/the-communist-party-wins-an-absolute-majority-in-moldova-s-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Moldova, Parliament_
9. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016. Igor Dodon, of the Socialists- Party, wins Sunday's Moldovan presidential election run-off with 52.2 percent of the vote, besting former Education Minister Maia Sandu of the Action and Security Party. Sandu has not yet accepted these preliminary results because of voting irregularities which she will present to the Central Election Commission for review. ](/news/2016/11/14/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-igor-dodon-of-the-socialists-party-wins-sunday-s-moldovan-presidential-election-run-off-with-52-2.md) _Context: Moldovan presidential election_
10. [A Romanian medical helicopter crashes near Cahul, Moldova, killing four people. ](/news/2016/06/2/a-romanian-medical-helicopter-crashes-near-cahul-moldova-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Moldova_
