### [2016-04-1](/news/2016/04/1/index.md)

# President Dilma Rousseff loses another key member of the country's 2016 Summer Olympics organization. Colonel Adilson Moreira of the National Public Security Force, who was in charge of organizing security, in an email to his colleagues reportedly criticizes the President and other senior officials, saying he is ashamed of the country's being led by an "unscrupulous group."  Brazilian officials, who earlier received Sports Minister George Hilton's resignation, say the planning for the Olympic Games will not be affected. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35939192)
2. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/brazil-top-rio-olympics-officials-quit-over-corruption-slurs-around-president-dilma-rousseff-1552662)

### Related:

1. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [The Progressive Party announces it is leaving President Dilma Rousseff's coalition government and that its 47 politicians would support her impeachment. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-progressive-party-announces-it-is-leaving-president-dilma-rousseff-s-coalition-government-and-that-its-47-politicians-would-support-her.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
3. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [A legal request has been filed to impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff for obstructing justice and fiscal accounting tricks, the second impeachment request against her. In response to the request, Minister of Tourism Henrique Eduardo Alves turned in a resignation letter while the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is expected to hold a party vote on whether or not to leave Rousseff's coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-legal-request-has-been-filed-to-impeach-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-for-obstructing-justice-and-fiscal-accounting-tricks-the-secon.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
5. [Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule.  A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings.  Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis.   ](/news/2016/03/22/brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed-a-crime-and-equated-a-bid-to.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
6. [A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-president-dilma-rousseff-the-pol.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
