### [2016-04-1](/news/2016/04/1/index.md)

# War in Somalia (2009-present): A U.S. drone strike reportedly kills a key Al-Shabaab leader, Hassan Ali Dhoore, and two other militants, near the town of Jilib, Somalia, according to several U.S. officials. 

WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. drone strike in Somalia has targeted a key leader of the al-Shabab militant group who was involved in two attacks in Mogadishu more than a year ago that killed more than 30 people, at least three…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/644c2df9b1024eaaa4c5e20eb8b788ce/officials-al-shabab-leader-killed-somalia-drone-strike)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-ken.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present): An al-Shabaab suicide car bomb kills at least 20 people in the town of Galkayo in Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region. ](/news/2016/08/21/war-in-somalia-2009-present-an-al-shabaab-suicide-car-bomb-kills-at-least-20-people-in-the-town-of-galkayo-in-somalia-s-semi-autonomous.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab says it has killed at least 60 Ethiopian soldiers in an attack on a AMISOM base in central Somalia. ](/news/2016/06/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-says-it-has-killed-at-least-60-ethiopian-soldiers-in-an-attack-on-a-amisom-base-in-central-somal.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): In a raid by Somali forces near Kismayo, at least 16 Al-Shabaab militants are killed, including the mastermind of the Garissa University College attack. ](/news/2016/06/2/war-in-somalia-2009-present-in-a-raid-by-somali-forces-near-kismayo-at-least-16-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-including-the-masterm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-clai.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
10. [ War in Somalia: U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, al Shabaab militia_
