### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# According to the Wall Street Journal an official from the Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed it has deployed special forces to Syria over the past weeks supporting its mission to back-up the Bashar al-Assad regime. Alleged Russian Defence Ministry official added that the special forces, who are "akin to the Delta Force of the United States", had been operating in pro-Russian rebel held areas of Ukraine before being called off to Syria. 

Russia has sent a few dozen special-operations troops to Syria from Ukraine in recent weeks, Russian and Western officials say, as the Kremlin shifts focus to supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://uk.businessinsider.com/russia-reportedly-just-sent-its-version-of-delta-force-to-syria-2015-10?r=US&IR=T)
2. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-said-to-redeploy-special-ops-forces-from-ukraine-to-syria-1445636834)
2. [Cover Image](https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-KX444_RUSARM_G_20151023145803.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
2. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
3. [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
4. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War_
5. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
6. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Syria_
7. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
8. [ The Russian Defence Ministry says six Russian bombers hit ISIL positions in Syria's Deir ez-Zor Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-russian-defence-ministry-says-six-russian-bombers-hit-isil-positions-in-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-governorate.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Syria_
9. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
10. [A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russia-s-ministry-of-defen.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Syria_
