### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# At least 50 people are killed, including seven civilians, in heavy fighting between Houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi near the city of Taiz. 

At least seven civilians, more than 50 Houthi rebels and eight pro-government fighters killed in mutliple incidents.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/10/civilians-scores-dead-yemen-taiz-151026185306692.html)

### Related:

1. [Rockets fired by Houthi militiamen reportedly kill 14 people as fighting intensifies in the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/08/24/rockets-fired-by-houthi-militiamen-reportedly-kill-14-people-as-fighting-intensifies-in-the-city-of-taiz.md) _Context: Houthi, Taiz, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Loyalists of exiled President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi capture Aden International Airport after four months of being under Houthi control. ](/news/2015/07/15/loyalists-of-exiled-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-capture-aden-international-airport-after-four-months-of-being-under-houthi-control.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Yemeni President_
3. [ At least 69 people are killed and 25 injured in fighting between the Houthis and government forces loyal to Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. ](/news/2016/05/29/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-25-injured-in-fighting-between-the-houthis-and-government-forces-loyal-to-yemeni-president-abd-rabbuh-man.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
4. [Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi sacks Prime Minister and Vice President of Yemen Khaled Mahfoudh Bahah. Hadi named top general Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar as his new Vice President and appointed Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr, a former official in Saleh's General People's Congress as the new Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/04/3/yemeni-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-sacks-prime-minister-and-vice-president-of-yemen-khaled-mahfoudh-bahah-hadi-named-top-general-ali-m.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
5. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Taiz, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Yemeni Prime Minister Khaled Bahah rejects a cabinet reshuffle ordered by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, another sign of the deepening rift between the two leaders. These problems started in March after the president appointed the minister of health as acting foreign minister without consulting the prime minister. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-rejects-a-cabinet-reshuffle-ordered-by-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-another-sign-of-the-deepening-ri.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
7. [Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-governorate-as-well-as-the-town-of-jae-ar-following-fierc.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Taiz, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-the-coast-of-yemen-near-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Two attacks on security checkpoints by ISIS militants in Yemen's historic Shibam town and Al Qatn District in the central Hadhramaut Governorate leave at least 15 pro-Hadi government soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/two-attacks-on-security-checkpoints-by-isis-militants-in-yemen-s-historic-shibam-town-and-al-qatn-district-in-the-central-hadhramaut-governo.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
