### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. 

Turkish media reports say police have raided a house used by Islamic State group militants in southeastern Turkey, triggering a clash that killed four militants and two policemen.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/10/26/reports-4-islamic-state-militants-2-policemen-killed-in-police-raid-in/)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/049569661f954cfeb08ac3a6e0f6259c/aid-group-100000-newly-displaced-3-weeks-syria)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/26/mideast-crisis-turkey-syria-idUSL8N12Q07K20151026)

### Related:

1. [  Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)] Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turki.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
2. [Turkey's Anadolu Agency reports that 45 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants have been killed by a combination of Turkish Army shelling and a U.S. air strike north of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/05/14/turkey-s-anadolu-agency-reports-that-45-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-have-been-killed-by-a-combination-of-turkish-army-she.md) _Context: Anadolu Agency, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
3. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
4. [Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linked-to-the-islamic-state-g.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
5. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
