
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.json)  [XML](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.xml)  

### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

##### UK
# In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. 

U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne suffered his first major setback since the general election after the unelected House of Lords voted to block his cuts to payments for low-wage families, provoking a constitutional dispute and forcing him to suggest he may soften the measures next month.


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-34644262)
2. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-26/u-k-lords-vote-to-delay-osborne-s-welfare-cuts-for-parents)
2. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iBfBZCKa4iAg/v1/1200x675.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of PS1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wo.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament-s upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliament-s-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, UK_
2. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords, Parliament, UK_
3. [Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. ](/news/2013/05/11/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-says-that-the-finance-ministers-and-central-bankers-of-the-g7-have-agreed-there-must.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, UK_
4. [George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. ](/news/2011/02/8/george-osborne-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-announces-that-the-tax-on-bank-profits-will-become-permanent.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, UK_
5. [In the United Kingdom, Chancellor George Osborne outlines a Comprehensive Spending Review which will see the biggest spending cuts in decades, totalling GBP81bn, with welfare, local government and police particularly affected. ](/news/2010/10/20/in-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-george-osborne-outlines-a-comprehensive-spending-review-which-will-see-the-biggest-spending-cuts-in-decade.md) _Context: George Osborne, UK, welfare_
