### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. 

Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Friday the U.S. is likely to step up military raids in its campaign against Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [WSJ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-to-increase-raids-against-islamic-state-1445628004?alg=y&mg=id-wsj)

### Related:

1. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russia conducted multiple airstrikes on ISIS-held Palmyra. ](/news/2015/11/3/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russia-conducted-mu.md) _Context: ISIS, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [American-led intervention in Syria. Syrian Civil War. CENTCOM reports a U.S. service member has been killed in a IED blast near the town of Ayn Issa, Al-Raqqah Governorate, becoming the first U.S. military casualty in the conflict. ](/news/2016/11/24/american-led-intervention-in-syria-syrian-civil-war-centcom-reports-a-u-s-service-member-has-been-killed-in-a-ied-blast-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Military intervention against ISIL. U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-military-intervention-against-isil-u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-a.md) _Context: ISIS, U.S._
9. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syrian-civil-war-syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governora.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
