### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# Leaders of nine national law enforcement groups, at the annual International Association of Chiefs of Police conference in Chicago, Illinois, call on federal lawmakers to strengthen background checks on gun purchases. 

The push comes as President Obama is reportedly weighing taking executive action on gun laws.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/27/us-usa-guns-police-idUSKCN0SK2RR20151027)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/10/26/polaice-chiefs-renew-push-for-expanded-background-checks-guns/74650146/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Chicago, Gun politics in the United States, Illinois_
2. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
3. [The United States Department of Justice will investigate the Chicago, Illinois police department. Long concerned with Chicago police department practices, the investigation is precipitated by the recent release of a video of the shooting death of Laquan McDonald. The Chicago police are set to release another video showing the police killing of Ronald Johnson in October of 2014. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-department-of-justice-will-investigate-the-chicago-illinois-police-department-long-concerned-with-chicago-police-departm.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
4. [Chicago, Illinois police officer, Jason Van Dyke, enters a not guilty plea regarding the charges of the 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/29/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-enters-a-not-guilty-plea-regarding-the-charges-of-the-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdona.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
5. [Chicago, Illinois Mayor Rahm Emanuel asked for and received the resignation of that city's police superintendant Garry McCarthy. Emanuel spoke of the loss of the public's confidence in the city police and announced a task force on police accountability. The change comes in the wake of protests over the release of police footage showing the October 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/1/chicago-illinois-mayor-rahm-emanuel-asked-for-and-received-the-resignation-of-that-cityas-police-superintendant-garry-mccarthy-emanuel-s.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
6. [Chicago, Illinois police officer Jason Van Dyke is charged with first-degree murder for the October 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old boy armed with a 3-inch knife. The charge comes shortly before the release of the police video showing the shooting. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel meets with community leaders to discuss the video's release and the potential ramifications for the city. ](/news/2015/11/24/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-is-charged-with-first-degree-murder-for-the-october-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdonald.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
7. [Thirteen people, including a three-year-old, are shot and wounded in the Back of the Yards neighborhood of the American city of Chicago, Illinois. ](/news/2013/09/19/thirteen-people-including-a-three-year-old-are-shot-and-wounded-in-the-back-of-the-yards-neighborhood-of-the-american-city-of-chicago-ill.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
8. [Seven people are shot and wounded at a nightclub in Chicago, Illinois, United States. ](/news/2013/03/21/seven-people-are-shot-and-wounded-at-a-nightclub-in-chicago-illinois-united-states.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
9. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
10. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Chicago_
