### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court upholds the death sentence of Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, who was found guilty of sedition and other charges following his involvement in the 2011 Arab Spring Movement. 




### Source:

1. [Jurist](http://jurist.org/paperchase/2015/10/saudi-arabia-top-court-confirms-death-sentence-of-shiite-muslim-cleric.php)

### Related:

1. [Sheikh Nimr. 2011-12 Saudi Arabian protests. The Saudi Arabian government executes 47 people, including Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, a prominent Shia Muslim cleric and leader of the anti-government Shia opposition group. His execution generated negative worldwide reactions from politicians, Muslim religious figures, and Shia people. ](/news/2016/01/2/sheikh-nimr-2011-12-saudi-arabian-protests-the-saudi-arabian-government-executes-47-people-including-sheikh-nimr-al-nimr-a-prominent-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
2. [OIC and Iran-Saudi relations. Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister has left Tehran for Saudi Arabia for participation in the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ministerial meeting in Jeddah which was called for by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to discuss the consequence of attack at Saudi Embassy in Tehran following the execution of Shia Muslim cleric Sheikh Nimr. ](/news/2016/01/19/oic-and-iran-saudi-relations-iranian-deputy-foreign-minister-has-left-tehran-for-saudi-arabia-for-participation-in-the-organization-of-isla.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
3. [Iran-Saudi Arabia relations. Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/iran-saudi-arabia-relations-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-te.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
4. [Saudi Arabia-United Kingdom relations. Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the "The Daily Telegraph", warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed. At issue is London's withdrawal from a GBP5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabia-united-kingdom-relations-saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
5. [Arab Spring:. Syrian Civil War:. A draft resolution is circulated by Saudi Arabia at the United Nations General Assembly calling for an end to the violence, as the Syrian city of Homs is besieged by the Syrian army. ](/news/2012/02/11/arab-spring-syrian-civil-war-a-draft-resolution-is-circulated-by-saudi-arabia-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-calling-for-an-end.md) _Context: Arab Spring, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Arab Spring:. 2011 Bahraini protests:. Bahraini forces fire live rounds at civilians in Sitra as part of its crackdown on protests against the regime, assisted by Saudi Arabia. Video footage emerges showing the use of poison gas against civilians. ](/news/2011/04/28/arab-spring-2011-bahraini-protests-bahraini-forces-fire-live-rounds-at-civilians-in-sitra-as-part-of-its-crackdown-on-protests-against-t.md) _Context: Arab Spring, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Arab Spring:. Tunisian revolution: Thousands of people demonstrate in Tunis to demand both the resignation of interim prime minister Beji Caid el Sebsi, a link with the old guard brought down in January's popular revolution, and the prosecution of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who fled to Saudi Arabia after being ousted, on charges such as murder and drug-trafficking. ](/news/2011/04/24/arab-spring-tunisian-revolution-thousands-of-people-demonstrate-in-tunis-to-demand-both-the-resignation-of-interim-prime-minister-beji-ca.md) _Context: Arab Spring, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Other Arab Spring Events:. Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, ousted during the recent popular revolution, is reported to have slipped into a coma following his stroke in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2011/02/18/other-arab-spring-events-former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-ousted-during-the-recent-popular-revolution-is-reported-to.md) _Context: Arab Spring, Saudi Arabia_
9. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
