### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# The United States is reportedly blocking a $400 million plan by South Korea to sell KAI T-50 Golden Eagle trainer jets, co-developed in 2006 with Lockheed Martin, to Uzbekistan, according to ''The Korea Times''. The aircraft uses Lockheed Martin technologies -- including avionics -- and as such requires permission under the U.S. Arms Export Control Act for its sale to other countries. 

U.S. says no to sale of U.S.-South Korean developed trainer jet to Uzbekistan.


### Source:

1. [The Korea Times](http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2015/10/116_189398.html)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/Security-Industry/2015/10/26/Report-US-blocks-aircraft-sale-to-Uzbekistan/2651445885301/)

### Related:

1. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: Lockheed Martin, South Korea, United States_
2. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
3. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
4. [The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-united-states-begins-deploying-the-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-south-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
5. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
6. [Samsung Electronics agrees to buy the U.S.-based Harman International Industries for $8 billion in the biggest overseas acquisition ever by a South Korean company. ](/news/2016/11/14/samsung-electronics-agrees-to-buy-the-u-s-based-harman-international-industries-for-8-billion-in-the-biggest-overseas-acquisition-ever-by.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
7. [South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear-attacks.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
8. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
9. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
10. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: South Korea, United States_
