### [2015-10-26](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

# USAA, one of the largest financial services companies in the U.S., announced the ending of its long-term relationship with MasterCard.  The tenth-largest credit card issuer in the U.S. will replace the old credit cards with Visa cards next year. 

USAA, one of the nation’s largest issuers of debit cards and credit cards, is switching its portfolio to Visa Inc., representing a blow for longtime partner MasterCard Inc., which processed transactions on its network for roughly 30 years.


### Source:

1. [WSJ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/usaa-switching-credit-debit-cards-to-visa-from-mastercard-1445723841)

### Related:

1. [VISA and MasterCard warn banks across the United States about a "massive" breach of security with more than ten million credit card numbers potentially compromised. ](/news/2012/03/30/visa-and-mastercard-warn-banks-across-the-united-states-about-a-massive-breach-of-security-with-more-than-ten-million-credit-card-numbers.md) _Context: MasterCard, U.S._
2. [Credit card companies such as Visa and MasterCard that prevented card-holders from donating money to the whistleblower website WikiLeaks could have their operating licenses taken away in Iceland. A parliament investigation is ongoing. ](/news/2010/12/15/credit-card-companies-such-as-visa-and-mastercard-that-prevented-card-holders-from-donating-money-to-the-whistleblower-website-wikileaks-cou.md) _Context: MasterCard, Visa Inc._
3. [Visa and MasterCard agreed to settle an antitrust lawsuit brought by the U.S. Department of Justice and the attorneys-general of seven states.  They agreed to allow their participating merchants to steer customers toward lower-cost options.  American Express will fight rather than agree to the terms, it said. ](/news/2010/10/4/visa-and-mastercard-agreed-to-settle-an-antitrust-lawsuit-brought-by-the-u-s-department-of-justice-and-the-attorneys-general-of-seven-state.md) _Context: MasterCard, Visa Inc._
4. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [ A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping-drill-north-korea-calls-it-a-military.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [The temporary protected status of Haitians living in the United States is extended for six months. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-temporary-protected-status-of-haitians-living-in-the-united-states-is-extended-for-six-months.md) _Context: U.S._
