### [2011-02-8](/news/2011/02/8/index.md)

# Brazilian environmentalists and indigenous rights activists protest against the Belo Monte Dam in Brasilia. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/americas/02/08/brazil.dam.protests/index.html?eref=edition)

### Related:

1. [Protesters in Brazil hold a violent demonstration against a proposed public spending cap in the capital Brasilia. Police used tear gas and rubber bullets in order to disperse the demonstrators. ](/news/2016/11/29/protesters-in-brazil-hold-a-violent-demonstration-against-a-proposed-public-spending-cap-in-the-capital-brasilia-police-used-tear-gas-and-r.md) _Context: Brasilia, Brazil_
2. [A Brazilian court suspends the licence for the Belo Monte Dam weeks before it was due to start operating until operator Norte Energia SA and the government of Brazil reorganizes FundacGBPo Nacional do Indio, a protection agency for indigenous Brazilians. ](/news/2016/01/14/a-brazilian-court-suspends-the-licence-for-the-belo-monte-dam-weeks-before-it-was-due-to-start-operating-until-operator-norte-energia-sa-and.md) _Context: Belo Monte Dam, Brazil_
3. [A Brazilian judge blocks construction of the Belo Monte Dam on the Amazon Basin after it fails to meet environmental requirements. ](/news/2011/02/26/a-brazilian-judge-blocks-construction-of-the-belo-monte-dam-on-the-amazon-basin-after-it-fails-to-meet-environmental-requirements.md) _Context: Belo Monte Dam, Brazil_
4. [500 Greenpeace environmentalists protest against the awarding of a tender for the controversial Belo Monte hydroelectric project by dumping tonnes of manure at the National Electric Energy Agency's (Agencia Nacional de Energia Eletrica, ANEEL) offices in Brasilia. ](/news/2010/04/21/500-greenpeace-environmentalists-protest-against-the-awarding-of-a-tender-for-the-controversial-belo-monte-hydroelectric-project-by-dumping.md) _Context: Belo Monte Dam, Brasilia_
5. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at-least-ten-lives.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [The National Constitutional Convention of Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islanders at Mutitjulu concludes with Indigenous leaders calling for a treaty and reforms to the Constitution of Australia, beyond the proposed written recognition, including entrenchment of representative bodies and commissions for Indigenous rights. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-national-constitutional-convention-of-aboriginal-australians-and-torres-strait-islanders-at-mutitjulu-concludes-with-indigenous-leaders.md) _Context: Indigenous rights_
10. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil_
