### [2011-02-8](/news/2011/02/8/index.md)

# George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Article/201102115925669)

### Related:

1. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, United Kingdom_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house,  delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of PS1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wo.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, United Kingdom_
3. [Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. ](/news/2013/05/11/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-says-that-the-finance-ministers-and-central-bankers-of-the-g7-have-agreed-there-must.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, United Kingdom_
4. [The Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne delivers the 2011 United Kingdom budget. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-delivers-the-2011-united-kingdom-budget.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
5. [In the United Kingdom, Chancellor George Osborne outlines a Comprehensive Spending Review which will see the biggest spending cuts in decades, totalling 81bn, with welfare, local government and police particularly affected. ](/news/2010/10/20/in-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-george-osborne-outlines-a-comprehensive-spending-review-which-will-see-the-biggest-spending-cuts-in-decade.md) _Context: George Osborne, United Kingdom_
6. [ British Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling delivers the pre Budget report, with tax rises and spending cuts to reduce the government debt. ](/news/2009/12/9/british-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-delivers-the-pre-budget-report-with-tax-rises-and-spending-cuts-to-reduce-the-governm.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
7. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling releases details of a rescue package aimed at restoring confidence in British Banks. As part of the deal the British Government will provide 50bn of investment, provide a further 200bn in short term loans and guarantee up to 250bn of intra-bank loans ](/news/2008/10/8/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-releases-details-of-a-rescue-package-aimed-at-restoring-c.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
8. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
9. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
10. [ Nominations open for the leadership of the United Kingdom Labour Party with Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown as the favourite. ](/news/2007/05/14/nominations-open-for-the-leadership-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-with-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-gordon-brown-as-the-favourite.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
