### [2011-02-8](/news/2011/02/8/index.md)

# The London Stock Exchange in the United Kingdom is in advanced talks to merge with the TMX Group that operates Canada's two stock exchanges in Montreal and Toronto. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2011-02-08/london-stock-exchange-is-in-advanced-talks-to-buy-tmx.html)

### Related:

1. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada, Montreal_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Canada, United Kingdom_
3. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life for trying to overthrow the DPRK and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-tryin.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
4. [The city of Montreal in Canada begins dumping 2 billion gallons of raw sewage into the Saint Lawrence River, an action the mayor, Denis Coderre, says is necessary to make repairs and improvements to the city's wastewater system. The move has caused outrage among residents and environmentalists, while the hashtag ""#flushgate"" is being used on social media sites to voice opposition to the dumping effort. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-city-of-montreal-in-canada-begins-dumping-2-billion-gallons-of-raw-sewage-into-the-saint-lawrence-river-an-action-the-mayor-denis-code.md) _Context: Canada, Montreal_
5. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Canada, United Kingdom_
6. [Jeh Johnson, the United States Secretary of Homeland Security, warns Americans to take a threat by Somalia-based al-Shabab to attack shopping malls in the US, United Kingdom, and Canada seriously. ](/news/2015/02/22/jeh-johnson-the-united-states-secretary-of-homeland-security-warns-americans-to-take-a-threat-by-somalia-based-al-shabab-to-attack-shoppin.md) _Context: Canada, United Kingdom_
7. [A measles outbreak from the Philippines has spread into Australia, Canada, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/12/a-measles-outbreak-from-the-philippines-has-spread-into-australia-canada-taiwan-and-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Canada, United Kingdom_
8. [Most of the population in Montreal, Canada, is advised to boil water before drinking after sediments are found in the reservoir of a major water treatment plant. ](/news/2013/05/23/most-of-the-population-in-montreal-canada-is-advised-to-boil-water-before-drinking-after-sediments-are-found-in-the-reservoir-of-a-major-w.md) _Context: Canada, Montreal_
9. [The City Hall of the Canadian city of Montreal is shut down as the Quebec police conduct anti-corruption raids. ](/news/2013/02/19/the-city-hall-of-the-canadian-city-of-montreal-is-shut-down-as-the-quebec-police-conduct-anti-corruption-raids.md) _Context: Canada, Montreal_
10. [At least 60 vehicles are involved in two chain-reaction crashes on Ontario Highway 401 about 80 kilometres east of Toronto, Canada, leaving at least five people injured, two critically. ](/news/2013/01/25/at-least-60-vehicles-are-involved-in-two-chain-reaction-crashes-on-ontario-highway-401-about-80-kilometres-east-of-toronto-canada-leaving.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
