### [2011-02-8](/news/2011/02/8/index.md)

# The protests continue in Egypt for a fifteenth day, hours after a detained Google executive is released with the crowds the biggest yet. 

Pro-democracy supporters hold fresh rallies in Cairo, just hours after the release of a detained Google executive.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2011/02/09/3133668.htm?section=justin)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/02/20112851424979539.html)
3. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/41469240/ns/world_news-mideastn_africa/)
4. [New York Times](http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/02/08/latest-updates-on-day-15-of-egypt-protests/?src=twt&twt=thelede#video-of-protest-at-egyptian-parliament)

### Related:

1. [Protesters storm the State Security Intelligence building in Alexandria, Egypt after police officers had previously fired on the crowd. ](/news/2011/03/4/protesters-storm-the-state-security-intelligence-building-in-alexandria-egypt-after-police-officers-had-previously-fired-on-the-crowd.md) _Context: Egypt, Protesters_
2. [2011 Egyptian protests: Egyptian protestors claims that the Egyptian Army beat them up in Cairo's Tahrir Square. ](/news/2011/02/25/2011-egyptian-protests-egyptian-protestors-claims-that-the-egyptian-army-beat-them-up-in-cairo-s-tahrir-square.md) _Context: Egypt, Protesters_
3. [The Egyptian Ministry for Health estimates that at least 365 people were killed and 5,500 injured in the 2011 Egyptian protests. ](/news/2011/02/16/the-egyptian-ministry-for-health-estimates-that-at-least-365-people-were-killed-and-5-500-injured-in-the-2011-egyptian-protests.md) _Context: Egypt, Protesters_
4. [2011 Egyptian protests:After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/2011-egyptian-protests-pafter-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-a.md) _Context: Google, Protesters_
5. [2011 Egyptian protests:Unrest in Egypt enters its third day. ](/news/2011/01/27/2011-egyptian-protests-punrest-in-egypt-enters-its-third-day.md) _Context: Egypt, Protesters_
6. [2011 Egyptian protests:Tens of thousands of people protest against the government in Egypt on a "day of revolt". ](/news/2011/01/25/2011-egyptian-protests-ptens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-against-the-government-in-egypt-on-a-day-of-revolt.md) _Context: Egypt, Protesters_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: Google_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
