
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-cl.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-cl.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-cl.xml)  

### [2017-12-15](/news/2017/12/15/index.md)

# Palestinian people and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. One source claims a Palestinian person is seriously injured by Israeli soldiers near Ramallah. Last week, six Palestinians died in similar tensions and 2,000 were injured. 

An open letter to President Trump from Prince Turki Al Faisal of Saudi Arabia.


### Sources:

1. [IMEMC news](http://imemc.org/article/soldiers-attack-protesters-in-the-west-bank/)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-turki-al-faisal-trump-jerusalem-not-capital-of-israel-20171215-story.html)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2017-12/15/c_136828997.htm)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5a32f58f/turbine/la-oe-turki-al-faisal-trump-jerusalem-not-capital-of-israel-20171215)

### Changes:

1. [Palestinian people and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem.md) _2017-12-15 13:30:08 (First version)_
1. [Palestinian people and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. One source claims a Palestinian person is seriously injured by Israeli soldiers near Ramallah. Last week, six Palestinians died in similar tensions and 2,000 were injured. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-cl.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli army, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian people_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Palestinian people_
3. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israeli army, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian people_
4. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
5. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.md) _Context: Israeli army, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian people_
