
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/15/palestinians-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-clashes.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/15/palestinians-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-clashes.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/15/palestinians-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-clashes.xml)  

### [2017-12-15](/news/2017/12/15/index.md)

# Palestinians and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. Last week, six Palestinians died in similar tensions and 2,000 were injured. Today, troops kill two Palestinians in Gaza and two on the West Bank, wounding 160 people with live fire. 




### Sources:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians/israeli-troops-kill-four-palestinians-wound-160-in-protests-over-jerusalem-idUSKBN1E91T3)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20171215&t=2&i=1214731935&w=1200&r=LYNXMPEDBE16R)

### Changes:

1. [Palestinian people and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem.md) _2017-12-15 13:30:08 (First version)_
2. [Palestinian people and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. Last week, six Palestinians died in similar tensions and 2,000 were injured. Today, troops kill two Palestinians in Gaza and two on the West Bank, wounding 160 people with live fire. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinian-people-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-cl.md) _2017-12-15 21:30:08 (Update)_
2. [Palestinians and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. Last week, six Palestinians died in similar tensions and 2,000 were injured. Today, troops kill two Palestinians in Gaza and two on the West Bank, wounding 160 people with live fire. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinians-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-clashes.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli army, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.md) _Context: Israeli army, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians, West Bank_
3. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli army, Palestinians, West Bank_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Palestinians_
5. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israeli army, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
