### [2015-10-14](/news/2015/10/14/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): ISIL confirms that U.S. forces killed its number two leader, Abu Mutaz al-Qurashi, in an airstrike near Mosul back in August. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2015/10/13/ISIS-confirms-killing-of-number-two-in-U-S-air-strike.html)
2. [Israel National News](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/201848)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul, United States_
2. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul, United States_
3. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. ](/news/2016/03/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-united-states-department-of-defense-official-says-a-u-s-soldier-was-killed-in-the-tow.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
5. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): A U.S. airstrike destroys an ISIL money and payroll hub in central Mosul. ](/news/2016/01/11/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-u-s-airstrike-destroys-an-isil-money-and-payroll-hub-in-central-mosul.md) _Context: Mosul, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
6. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): American-led airstrikes kill at least 180 Islamic State fighters while local Kurdish forces repel an assault by 300 heavily armed militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/17/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-american-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-180-islamic-state-fighters-while-local-kurdish-for.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
7. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): A joint early-morning raid conducted by Iraqi and US forces on an IS-run prison in Hawija, Kirkuk Province has freed 70 hostages. One U.S. Delta Force soldier was reported killed - the first American combat death since the start of the US-led intervention against IS. ](/news/2015/10/22/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-joint-early-morning-raid-conducted-by-iraqi-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
8. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17): Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
10. [Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-o.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
