### [2015-10-14](/news/2015/10/14/index.md)

# Israel's military deploys new checkpoints in its Arab neighborhoods, as well as thousands of border police soldiers to cities and on roads to assist police forces in response to recent Palestinian stabbing attacks. 

Israel&#39;s military said it started deploying hundreds of soldiers to cities Wednesday to assist police forces, after weeks of shooting and stabbing attacks on Israelis by Palestinians.


### Source:

1. [AP via Denver Post](http://www.denverpost.com/breakingnews/ci_28966924/israeli-military-begins-deploying-cities-stop-attacks?source=rss)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Attempted-stabbing-attack-by-Old-Citys-Damascus-Gate-in-Jerusalem-424936)
3. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/terrorist-stabs-woman-70-outside-jerusalem-bus-station/)
4. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/10/14/troops-assist-israeli-police/73913338/)

### Related:

1. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while  traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The  IDF says  an official investigation has been opened.  Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [Faulty readings from a  GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle.  At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli security forces  kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-police-officers-or-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
7. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli–Palestinian conflict_
9. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
