### [2003-01-14](/news/2003/01/14/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: Three more suspects have been arrested in Manchester in England in connection with the investigation into ricin found in London, although it now appears as though the raid was initially carried out as the pursuance of an investigation into immigration issues. A Special Branch police officer, Stephen Oake, was fatally stabbed during the arrests, and three other officers were also injured, one seriously. This brings the total of those arrested to fourteen.




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: Six more suspects were arrested in Bournemouth in England in connection with the investigation into ricin found in London. This brings the total of those arrested to eleven.](/news/2003/01/13/war-on-terrorism-six-more-suspects-were-arrested-in-bournemouth-in-england-in-connection-with-the-investigation-into-ricin-found-in-london.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, ricin_
2. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: Manchester_
3. [At least six Britons from Manchester and Glasgow are killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia while they were on pilgrimage. ](/news/2017/01/19/at-least-six-britons-from-manchester-and-glasgow-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-in-saudi-arabia-while-they-were-on-pilgrimage.md) _Context: Manchester_
4. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birming.md) _Context: Manchester_
5. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
6. [A fire severely damages the 16th century Wythenshawe Hall, near Manchester, England. ](/news/2016/03/15/a-fire-severely-damages-the-16th-century-wythenshawe-hall-near-manchester-england.md) _Context: Manchester_
7. [Authorities in hazardous-materials suits search a downtown Spokane, Washington apartment, investigating the recent discovery of two letters containing the deadly poison ricin. ](/news/2013/05/19/authorities-in-hazardous-materials-suits-search-a-downtown-spokane-washington-apartment-investigating-the-recent-discovery-of-two-letters.md) _Context: ricin_
8. [After release of a previous suspect without charge, an adversary of his, Everett Dutschke of Mississippi, has been arrested for mailing letters containing ricin to the President of the United States, a senator, and a federal judge. ](/news/2013/04/27/after-release-of-a-previous-suspect-without-charge-an-adversary-of-his-everett-dutschke-of-mississippi-has-been-arrested-for-mailing-lett.md) _Context: ricin_
9. [2013 ricin letters: All charges against a suspect of sending letters containing ricin to US President Barack Obama are dropped due to lack of evidence. ](/news/2013/04/23/2013-ricin-letters-all-charges-against-a-suspect-of-sending-letters-containing-ricin-to-us-president-barack-obama-are-dropped-due-to-lack-o.md) _Context: ricin_
10. [Mail to the US Senate is suspended after letter sent to U.S. Senator Roger Wicker (R-MS) tests positive for the poisonous substance ricin at an offsite Congressional mail facility. The letter is being sent to the FBI Laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, for further testing. ](/news/2013/04/16/mail-to-the-us-senate-is-suspended-after-letter-sent-to-u-s-senator-roger-wicker-r-ms-tests-positive-for-the-poisonous-substance-ricin-at.md) _Context: ricin_
