### [2009-08-21](/news/2009/08/21/index.md)

#  Argentina's association football championship kicks off after President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner puts it on the state payroll to avoid a financial crisis. 

Argentina&rsquo;s soccer championship kicks Friday night after the government stepped in this week and put the national game on the state payroll in order to avoid a financial crisis gripping clubs that threatened the entire season.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/21/argentine-football-season-begins-with-the-kirchners-scoring)
1. [Cover Image](http://en.mercopress.com/imgs.php/noticias/19899/200x200/5c074cc7374b0bef93547446b4266ba4.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his-s.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
2. [Voters in Argentina go to the polls for a general election, with exit polls showing the President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner being reelected in a landslide. ](/news/2011/10/23/voters-in-argentina-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-exit-polls-showing-the-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-being-reele.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
3. [ At a meeting in Caracas, Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez and Argentine President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner sign agreements expanding trade between their two countries. ](/news/2009/08/12/at-a-meeting-in-caracas-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-and-argentine-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-sign-agreements-expanding.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
4. [Voters in Argentina went to the polls Sunday to select a new President and legislature. The race to be Argentina's next president heads for a November 22 runoff. With 80 percent of polling places reporting, opposition, Republican Proposal (PRO) candidate Mauricio Macri, and ruling party, Justicialist Party (PJ) candidate Daniel Scioli each have 35 percent of the votes. ](/news/2015/10/25/voters-in-argentina-went-to-the-polls-sunday-to-select-a-new-president-and-legislature-the-race-to-be-argentina-s-next-president-heads-for.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
5. [The investigator into the death of Argentinian prosecutor Alberto Nisman states that Nisman had drafted a request that President Cristina Fernandez be arrested for allegedly attempting to derail his investigation of the 1994 AMIA bombing that killed 85 people. ](/news/2015/02/3/the-investigator-into-the-death-of-argentinian-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-states-that-nisman-had-drafted-a-request-that-president-cristina-fe.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
6. [Argentine federal prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who had accused President Cristina Kirchner of covering up Iranian links to the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in order to open up trade with Iran, dies of a gunshot wound to the head with the type of death still undetermined. ](/news/2015/01/19/argentine-federal-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-who-had-accused-president-cristina-kirchner-of-covering-up-iranian-links-to-the-1994-bombing-of.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
7. [President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner of Argentina successfully undergoes surgery to remove a subdural hematoma. Presidential duties will be carried out by Vice President Amado Boudou for the duration of Kirchner's estimated month-long recovery. ](/news/2013/10/9/president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-of-argentina-successfully-undergoes-surgery-to-remove-a-subdural-hematoma-presidential-duties-will.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
8. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Argentina, association football_
9. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
10. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
