### [2006-06-12](/news/2006/06/12/index.md)

#  Five people are killed, and about 80 injured, when an Israeli train travelling between Tel Aviv and Haifa collides with a truck on a level crossing near Netanya. The first anniversary of a similar accident on Israel Railways near Revadim on the Beersheba line is in nine days' time. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-06-12T100031Z_01_L12341304_RTRUKOC_0_UK-ISRAEL-TRAIN.xml (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/06/12/israel.train/ (CNN)], [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3261796,00.html (Ynetnews)], (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [Hundreds of Israeli protesters gather in Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Haifa and Beersheba to show their solidarity with the man who self immolated on 14 July 2012. ](/news/2012/07/15/hundreds-of-israeli-protesters-gather-in-tel-aviv-jerusalem-haifa-and-beersheba-to-show-their-solidarity-with-the-man-who-self-immolated-o.md) _Context: Beersheba, Haifa, Tel Aviv_
2. [Oldest men. The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/oldest-men-the-world-s-oldest-man-polish-israeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
3. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
4. [A blaze at a fireworks warehouse near Netanya, central Israel, kills two people and injures five others. ](/news/2017/03/14/a-blaze-at-a-fireworks-warehouse-near-netanya-central-israel-kills-two-people-and-injures-five-others.md) _Context: Israel, Netanya_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertise.md) _Context: Beersheba, Israel_
6. [November 2016 Israel wildfires. Around 50,000 people are evacuated as fires rage throughout the Israeli city of Haifa. The Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan says at least half the fires are to due to arson. ](/news/2016/11/24/november-2016-israel-wildfires-around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-as-fires-rage-throughout-the-israeli-city-of-haifa-the-minister-of-publi.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
7. [A Tel Aviv, Israel, four story parking lot under construction collapses and kills at least two people and injures 18 others. ](/news/2016/09/5/a-tel-aviv-israel-four-story-parking-lot-under-construction-collapses-and-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-18-others.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A shooting takes place at a pub in Tel Aviv, Israel, leaving two dead and eight injured. The gunman managed to escape and possibly killed his accomplice, an Arab taxi driver, whose body was found nearby. The police identified the shooter as 30 year old muslim Nisa'at Melkham from Ar'ara and searched his home. ](/news/2016/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-shooting-takes-place-at-a-pub-in-tel-aviv-israel-leaving-two-dead-and-eight-injured-the-gunman-managed.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
