### [2006-06-12](/news/2006/06/12/index.md)

#  U.S. officials say that North Korea is planning to test the Taepodong-2 intercontinental ballistic missile that may be able to reach the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/06/12/AR2006061200692.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis:. The United States decides to delay a long-planned intercontinental ballistic missile test scheduled for next week at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, following tensions with North Korea. ](/news/2013/04/7/2013-korean-crisis-the-united-states-decides-to-delay-a-long-planned-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-test-scheduled-for-next-week-at-th.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic missile_
3. [North Korea-United States relations. American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
6. [China-North Korea relations. Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-inter.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic missile_
