### [2017-01-4](/news/2017/01/4/index.md)

# Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. 

Chicago police are investigating a video appearing to show a man tied up and assaulted while attackers shout ‘fuck Donald Trump’ and ‘fuck white people’


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c0d964ae40f64e57a52cc3be213aa830)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/04/facebook-live-stream-video-man-attacked-chicago-trump)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/668aa0c5bc879e961c1d0e75edf4d42bca01b3cd/225_36_1544_927/master/1544.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=878d52ff0f11b73a89ca11f362d1e4b7)

### Related:

1. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Facebook_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook_
3. [ Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. ](/news/2017/09/27/facebook-google-and-twitter-executives-have-been-asked-to-testify-before-the-house-of-representatives-intelligence-committee-in-october-a.md) _Context: Facebook_
4. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Facebook_
5. [Two African-American men are killed in separate incidents near Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and a third home is shot at in what local and federal officials call racially-motivated crimes. A local man is arrested on suspicion of the murders. ](/news/2017/09/19/two-african-american-men-are-killed-in-separate-incidents-near-baton-rouge-louisiana-and-a-third-home-is-shot-at-in-what-local-and-federal.md) _Context: African-American_
6. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Chicago_
7. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twitt.md) _Context: Facebook_
8. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Chicago_
9. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: Chicago_
10. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Facebook_
