### [2011-08-2](/news/2011/08/2/index.md)

# Egypt's military police and riot police end a three-week Tahrir Square sit-in. 

Activists had promised to stay until ex-president Hosni Mubarak appears in court but were swiftly dispersed in operation which involved more than a dozen armoured vehicles and hundreds of soldiers and riot police.


### Source:

1. [Al-Ahram](http://english.ahram.org.eg/~/NewsContent/1/64/17900/Egypt/Politics-/Egypts-military-ends--week-old-Tahrir-sitin-by-for.aspx)
2. [The National](http://www.thenational.ae/news/worldwide/middle-east/troops-and-riot-police-end-three-week-tahrir-square-sit-in?pageCount=0)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle-east/egypts-military-police-break-up-tahrir-square-sit-in/2011/08/01/gIQAnvPOnI_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/sinai-insurgency-a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
2. [Sinai insurgency: Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
3. [Sinai insurgency: Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-succ.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
4. [Egyptian Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi resigns from his position as Minister of Defense and announces his bid for the upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2014/03/26/egyptian-field-marshal-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-resigns-from-his-position-as-minister-of-defense-and-announces-his-bid-for-the-upcoming-presiden.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
5. [Egyptian constitutional referendum, 2014: Egypt's election council claims that 98.1% of voters supported the new military-backed constitution with a 38.6% turnout. ](/news/2014/01/18/egyptian-constitutional-referendum-2014-egypt-s-election-council-claims-that-98-1-of-voters-supported-the-new-military-backed-constitutio.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
6. [2012-2013 Egyptian protests:: Massive protests against Mohamed Morsi develop all over Egypt on the second anniversary of the 2011 revolution, including in Tahrir Square, where thousands of protesters gathered. At least 6 civilians and 1 police officer are shot dead in the Egyptian city of Suez, while 456 others are injured nationwide. ](/news/2013/01/25/2012-2013-egyptian-protests-massive-protests-against-mohamed-morsi-develop-all-over-egypt-on-the-second-anniversary-of-the-2011-revoluti.md) _Context: Egypt, Tahrir Square_
7. [Egypt's top judges accuse President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi of staging an "unprecedented attack" on the judiciary, after he passes a decree granting himself extensive new powers. Critics and supporters have staged rallies. Crowds gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, vowing to stage a sit-in protest. ](/news/2012/11/24/egypt-s-top-judges-accuse-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-of-staging-an-unprecedented-attack-on-the-judiciary-after-he-passes-a-decree-g.md) _Context: Egypt, Tahrir Square_
8. [Arab Spring:: post-Mubarak Egypt:: Tens of thousands of people converge on Cairo's Tahrir Square to demonstrate against Egypt's military rulers, who have seized power following the ousting from power of Hosni Mubarak in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/19/arab-spring-post-mubarak-egypt-tens-of-thousands-of-people-converge-on-cairo-s-tahrir-square-to-demonstrate-against-egypt-s-military-rul.md) _Context: Egypt, Tahrir Square_
9. [Egypt's military-appointed Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri calls for national dialogue after weeks of deadly protests against the military regime. ](/news/2011/12/22/egypt-s-military-appointed-prime-minister-kamal-ganzouri-calls-for-national-dialogue-after-weeks-of-deadly-protests-against-the-military-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
10. [At least 13 people are killed and as many as 900 injured as violent protests continue in Cairo's Tahrir Square against Egypt's ruling military government. Security forces attempt to disperse the crowds with tear gas and baton charges. ](/news/2011/11/20/at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-as-many-as-900-injured-as-violent-protests-continue-in-cairo-s-tahrir-square-against-egypt-s-ruling-milita.md) _Context: Egypt, Tahrir Square_
