### [2011-08-2](/news/2011/08/2/index.md)

# Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-08-02/europe-submits-new-draft-un-resolution-condemning-syria-s-assad.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom and France prepare a draft United Nations Security Council resolution on the 2011 Syrian uprising. ](/news/2011/06/8/the-united-kingdom-and-france-prepare-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-on-the-2011-syrian-uprising.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Britain, France, United Nations Security Council_
2. [The United Nations Security Council, after the defected Libyan Ambassador to the UN Abdel Rahman Mohamed Shalgam's appeal to act against Muammar Gaddafi's regime escalating violence, being used to crackdown the 2011 Libyan civil war, and following propositions by France, Germany, United Kingdom and the United States, adopts resolution 1970, [http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2011/sc10187.doc.htm (UN press release on UNSC resolution 1970)] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12587078 (BBC)] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12589434 (BBC)] [http://www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast/ (UN Multimedia)]. "All necessary means" enforcement of said resolution, and imposition of a "No-fly zone" over Libya are rejected. These measures will be however included on UNSC resolution 1973 of 17 March 2011.](/news/2011/02/26/the-united-nations-security-council-after-the-defected-libyan-ambassador-to-the-un-abdel-rahman-mohamed-shalgam-s-appeal-to-act-against-mua.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United Nations Security Council_
3. [G20 summit. Leaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summit-leaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Portugal_
4. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Portugal_
5. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, France, United Nations Security Council_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declini.md) _Context: Britain, France, United Nations Security Council_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany_
9. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany_
10. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Europe, Germany_
