### [2003-01-18](/news/2003/01/18/index.md)

#  A mass mobilization pulls together global protests against the Iraq war in cities around the world, including Tokyo, Moscow, Paris, London, Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, Cologne, Bonn, Gothenburg, Istanbul and Cairo. NION and ANSWER hold protests in Washington, D.C. and San Francisco, California.




### Related:

1. [The London Stock Exchange in the United Kingdom is in advanced talks to merge with the TMX Group that operates Canada's two stock exchanges in Montreal and Toronto. ](/news/2011/02/8/the-london-stock-exchange-in-the-united-kingdom-is-in-advanced-talks-to-merge-with-the-tmx-group-that-operates-canada-s-two-stock-exchanges.md) _Context: Montreal, Toronto_
2. [An earthquake occurs 56 kilometres north-northeast of Ottawa, registering a 5.0 on the Richter scale. Slight damage was reported near the epicenter, and the tremor was felt in Sudbury, Windsor, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Toronto, Milwaukee, Northern Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York State. ](/news/2010/06/23/an-earthquake-occurs-56-kilometres-north-northeast-of-ottawa-registering-a-5-0-on-the-richter-scale-slight-damage-was-reported-near-the-ep.md) _Context: Ottawa, Toronto_
3. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: District of Columbia, Toronto_
4. [ Major blackout: Power is now restored in New York City, Toronto, and most of Ottawa. Authorities warn of possible future disruptions and advise conservation as work continues to restore power to the entire grid. Theories as to the cause of the event, meanwhile, are becoming more substantial and coherent.](/news/2003/08/16/major-blackout-power-is-now-restored-in-new-york-city-toronto-and-most-of-ottawa-authorities-warn-of-possible-future-disruptions-and-ad.md) _Context: Ottawa, Toronto_
5. [ A major power outage due to a power grid failure affects more than 50 million people in the northeast of North America, including New York City, New Jersey, Cleveland, Ottawa, Toronto and Detroit [http://abcnews.go.com/sections/us/DailyNews/power_outage030814.html ABC] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3152451.stm BBC] [http://www.cnn.com/2003/US/08/14/power.outage/index.html CNN]. According to U.S. authorities, the cause is still unclear; according to the Canadian Department of National Defense, the chain reaction was started by a lightning strike in the Niagara Falls region on the U.S. side of the border. A press release with some technical details of the event is available at. The NRC reports that all nine affected nuclear power plants have been safely shut down.](/news/2003/08/14/a-major-power-outage-due-to-a-power-grid-failure-affects-more-than-50-million-people-in-the-northeast-of-north-america-including-new-york.md) _Context: Ottawa, Toronto_
6. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
7. [About 600 members of the Swedish neo-Nazi group Nordic Resistance Movement march through Gothenburg, and 10,000 people hold a counter-demonstration. More than 50 people are arrested and several people are injured during the protests. ](/news/2017/09/30/about-600-members-of-the-swedish-neo-nazi-group-nordic-resistance-movement-march-through-gothenburg-and-10-000-people-hold-a-counter-demons.md) _Context: Gothenburg_
8. [Turkey summons the ambassador of Germany after at least 10,000 people rally in Cologne in support of the referendum. ](/news/2017/09/16/turkey-summons-the-ambassador-of-germany-after-at-least-10-000-people-rally-in-cologne-in-support-of-the-referendum.md) _Context: Cologne_
9. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
