### [2003-01-18](/news/2003/01/18/index.md)

#  In Australia, the most devastating bushfire since the Ash Wednesday fires in 1983 hits Canberra and the Australian Capital Territory. Four people are to die, 520 homes and thousands of hectares of national park will be destroyed, 259 people will be admitted to The Canberra Hospital with burns and A$250 million will be paid by insurance companies.




### Related:

1. [9 people are wounded after a bridge collapses from the Gungahlin Drive Extension onto the Barton Highway in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. ](/news/2010/08/14/9-people-are-wounded-after-a-bridge-collapses-from-the-gungahlin-drive-extension-onto-the-barton-highway-in-canberra-australian-capital-ter.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, Canberra_
2. [Reports emerge of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation's discovery of classified Australian documents, related to Chinese intelligence activity abroad, in the Canberra home of a woman allegedly acting on behalf of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2017/06/5/reports-emerge-of-the-australian-security-intelligence-organisation-s-discovery-of-classified-australian-documents-related-to-chinese-intel.md) _Context: Canberra_
3. [The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deaths-have-so-far-been-confirm.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory_
4. [Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian-capital-territory-two-peop.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory_
5. [The People's Republic of China and Australia sign a free trade agreement in Canberra as Andrew Robb, Australia's Minister for Trade and Investment, warns that the United States Congress only has weeks to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-australia-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-canberra-as-andrew-robb-australia-s-minister-for-trade-and-inve.md) _Context: Canberra_
6. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott and the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sign a free trade agreement in the Australian capital Canberra. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-and-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-the-australian-capital.md) _Context: Canberra_
7. [Australian Capital Territory becomes the first Australian territory to legalize same-sex marriage while the Government of Australia launches a legal challenge in the High Court. ](/news/2013/10/22/australian-capital-territory-becomes-the-first-australian-territory-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-while-the-government-of-australia-launches.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory_
8. [Security escort Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott from a restaurant in Canberra after indigenous protesters surrounded the building on Australia Day in response to comments made by Abbott. ](/news/2012/01/26/security-escort-australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-and-opposition-leader-tony-abbott-from-a-restaurant-in-canberra-after-indigenous-pro.md) _Context: Canberra_
9. [Queen Elizabeth II commences her 16th visit to Australia in the capital Canberra. ](/news/2011/10/19/queen-elizabeth-ii-commences-her-16th-visit-to-australia-in-the-capital-canberra.md) _Context: Canberra_
10. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory_
