### [2009-01-10](/news/2009/01/10/index.md)

#  Iraq's Interior Ministry arrests Ayesh Ali Hussein al-Harbi for his alleged role in the 2000 hijacking of a Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 777 and serial killings in the country. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5g_HoK9FgEpMnJdSsFrh0848ti2ag)

### Related:

1. [Investigations concerning Niels Hogel, a German nurse already convicted for murdering two of his patients, revealed that the number of people killed while in his care is significantly higher, reaching at least 84, with some estimates being even higher. This makes Hogel the serial killer with the highest known victim count in modern German history. ](/news/2017/08/28/investigations-concerning-niels-hapgel-a-german-nurse-already-convicted-for-murdering-two-of-his-patients-revealed-that-the-number-of-peop.md) _Context: serial killer_
2. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
3. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
4. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska, confirm that James Dale Ritchie, killed by an Anchorage police officer whom Ritchie had tried to kill in the fall of 2016, was a serial killer who had used the same gun to kill 5 people, apparently at random. Two of the murders were double homicides, with some of the deaths occurring along Anchorage's expansive Tony Knowles Coastal Trail. ](/news/2017/04/26/police-in-anchorage-alaska-confirm-that-james-dale-ritchie-killed-by-an-anchorage-police-officer-whom-ritchie-had-tried-to-kill-in-the-fa.md) _Context: serial killer_
9. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Iraq_
