### [2004-05-13](/news/2004/05/13/index.md)

#  A joint Polish-Egyptian archaeological team claims to have discovered the Library of Alexandria. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/3707641.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Archaeologists discover what they term the 'world's oldest university' in Alexandria, Egypt. It dates from the 5th century AD. ](/news/2004/05/26/archaeologists-discover-what-they-term-the-world-s-oldest-university-in-alexandria-egypt-it-dates-from-the-5th-century-ad.md) _Context: Archaeologists, Egypt's_
2. [Egypt announces the discovery of a tomb in Luxor belonging to a royal goldsmith who lived more than 3,500 years ago in the 18th Dynasty. ](/news/2017/09/9/egypt-announces-the-discovery-of-a-tomb-in-luxor-belonging-to-a-royal-goldsmith-who-lived-more-than-3-500-years-ago-in-the-18th-dynasty.md) _Context: Egypt's_
3. [ Militants ambush a police convoy in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula killing 18 police and wounding seven others. ](/news/2017/09/11/militants-ambush-a-police-convoy-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-killing-18-police-and-wounding-seven-others.md) _Context: Egypt's_
4. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt's_
5. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Polish_
6. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Polish_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt's_
8. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: Polish_
9. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Polish_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt's_
