### [2004-05-13](/news/2004/05/13/index.md)

#  Ontario New Democratic Party candidate Andrea Horwath wins the provincial riding of Hamilton East, returning the NDP to official party status in the Ontario Legislature. The by-election was held to replace Liberal MPP Dominic Agostino, who had died in office.




### Related:

1. [ Premier of Ontario Ernie Eves calls a provincial election for October 2. Eves' incumbent Tories, Dalton McGuinty's Liberals, and Howard Hampton's NDP are in the race.](/news/2003/09/2/premier-of-ontario-ernie-eves-calls-a-provincial-election-for-october-2-eves-incumbent-tories-dalton-mcguinty-s-liberals-and-howard-ham.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party, Ontario New Democratic Party_
2. [Kathleen Wynne is elected as the leader of the ruling Ontario Liberal Party and will become the first female Premier of the Canadian province of Ontario and the first openly gay premier in Canadian history. ](/news/2013/01/26/kathleen-wynne-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-ruling-ontario-liberal-party-and-will-become-the-first-female-premier-of-the-canadian-provinc.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party_
3. [Voters in Canada's most populous province Ontario go to the polls for a general election with the Ontario Liberal Party, led by Dalton McGuinty, winning another term under a slight minority government.](/news/2011/10/6/voters-in-canada-s-most-populous-province-ontario-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ontario-liberal-party-led-by-dalton-mcgui.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party_
4. [Close to 8,000 protesters rally in Hamilton, Ontario to support workers locked out from Stelco after disagreeing against pension changes made by U.S. Steel. Analysts predict that similar protests may spread across the country. ](/news/2011/01/29/close-to-8-000-protesters-rally-in-hamilton-ontario-to-support-workers-locked-out-from-stelco-after-disagreeing-against-pension-changes-mad.md) _Context: Hamilton, Ontario_
5. [Citizenship and Immigration Canada cuts funding for settlement centres across the country, leading to the Ontario Liberals protesting the decision that will affect many new immigrants in the province. Immigration minister Jason Kenney also affirms that Santa Claus is Canadian, referring to his characteristic red and white colours. ](/news/2010/12/23/citizenship-and-immigration-canada-cuts-funding-for-settlement-centres-across-the-country-leading-to-the-ontario-liberals-protesting-the-de.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party_
6. [ The general election in the Canadian province of Ontario gives the Liberal government of Premier Dalton McGuinty an enlarged majority. ](/news/2007/10/10/the-general-election-in-the-canadian-province-of-ontario-gives-the-liberal-government-of-premier-dalton-mcguinty-an-enlarged-majority.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party_
7. [ Bidding continues in an international auction for Canadian steel company Dofasco Inc., Hamilton, Ont.&nbsp;- the latest bid, C$4.9 billion, came Tuesday from German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp AG. ](/news/2006/01/3/bidding-continues-in-an-international-auction-for-canadian-steel-company-dofasco-inc-hamilton-ont-nbsp-a-the-latest-bid-c-4-9-billio.md) _Context: Hamilton, Ontario_
8. [ Ontario general election, 2003: Dalton McGuinty becomes the new premier of Ontario when his party defeats Ernie Eves's incumbent Tories and Howard Hampton's NDP.](/news/2003/10/2/ontario-general-election-2003-dalton-mcguinty-becomes-the-new-premier-of-ontario-when-his-party-defeats-ernie-eves-s-incumbent-tories-and.md) _Context: Ontario New Democratic Party_
