### [2009-07-17](/news/2009/07/17/index.md)

#  Ghana is set to receive a US$600 million three-year loan from the International Monetary Fund. 

Ghana will receive around$1.1 billion in resources from the International Monetary Fund,as the country tries to reduce its widening budget deficit, asenior IMF official said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8155374.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idUSN1642325820090716)

### Related:

1. [A large tree falls into a pool at the base of the Kintampo waterfalls in Ghana, killing at least 18 people and injuring 22 others. ](/news/2017/03/20/a-large-tree-falls-into-a-pool-at-the-base-of-the-kintampo-waterfalls-in-ghana-killing-at-least-18-people-and-injuring-22-others.md) _Context: Ghana_
2. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
3. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives and the International Monetary Fund and other international partners on a three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners-on.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
4. [Voters go to the polls in Ghana for the country's presidential elections. It is expected to be a close race between incumbent president John Dramani Mahama of the ruling National Democratic Congress party and his rival Nana Akufo-Addo and his New Patriotic Party. ](/news/2016/12/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-ghana-for-the-country-s-presidential-elections-it-is-expected-to-be-a-close-race-between-incumbent-president-john.md) _Context: Ghana_
5. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
6. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [Flooding in southern Ghana caused by heavy rain leaves at least 10 people dead and the streets of Accra under water. ](/news/2016/06/16/flooding-in-southern-ghana-caused-by-heavy-rain-leaves-at-least-10-people-dead-and-the-streets-of-accra-under-water.md) _Context: Ghana_
8. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
10. [The International Monetary Fund encourages the move toward negative interest rates because "they help deliver additional monetary stimulus and easier financial conditions." ](/news/2016/04/10/the-international-monetary-fund-encourages-the-move-toward-negative-interest-rates-because-they-help-deliver-additional-monetary-stimulus-a.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
