### [2016-03-27](/news/2016/03/27/index.md)

# 2015-16 protests in Moldova: Thousands of people rally in the streets of Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, demanding reunification with Romania. The rally is meant to mark the 98th anniversary since the former Romanian province of Bessarabia was unified with the Kingdom of Romania on March 27, 1918. The protesters say unification with Romania is the way for corruption-ridden Moldova to move forward and join the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/moldova-rally-romania-unification/27638163.html)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Moldova: Protests continue in Moldova as thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrate in the capital Chisinau despite concessions given to the protesters last month by the government. ](/news/2016/04/24/2015-16-protests-in-moldova-protests-continue-in-moldova-as-thousands-of-anti-government-protesters-demonstrate-in-the-capital-chieinau.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Moldova, Chisinau, Moldova_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Union, Romania_
3. [A Romanian medical helicopter crashes near Cahul, Moldova, killing four people. ](/news/2016/06/2/a-romanian-medical-helicopter-crashes-near-cahul-moldova-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Moldova, Romania_
4. [Moldova-United States relations: About 200 U.S. troops arrive in Moldova from Romania for planned military exercises with the Moldovan military which will last until May 20. ](/news/2016/05/2/moldova-united-states-relations-about-200-u-s-troops-arrive-in-moldova-from-romania-for-planned-military-exercises-with-the-moldovan-mil.md) _Context: Moldova, Romania_
5. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016: 2015-16 protests in Moldova: The Parliament of Moldova announces that the country will hold a Presidential election on October 30. A court in early March ruled in favor of having a direct national election to choose a president rather than a vote in parliament, a concession to protesters who have been demonstrating for months against the political elite. This will be the first time since 2001 that the public will choose their country's president directly. ](/news/2016/04/1/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-2015-16-protests-in-moldova-the-parliament-of-moldova-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-presid.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Moldova, Moldova_
6. [Moldova-Romania relations: Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested on Sunday against the current government and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/moldova-romania-relations-romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-an.md) _Context: Chisinau, Moldova_
7. [Moldova's parliament approves a new government despite ongoing protests calling for snap elections. ](/news/2016/01/20/moldova-s-parliament-approves-a-new-government-despite-ongoing-protests-calling-for-snap-elections.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Moldova, Moldova_
8. [The governments of Romania and Hungary sign a framework agreement for opening 20 cross-border roads, strengthening traffic links with the entire European Union. ](/news/2014/08/21/the-governments-of-romania-and-hungary-sign-a-framework-agreement-for-opening-20-cross-border-roads-strengthening-traffic-links-with-the-en.md) _Context: European Union, Romania_
9. [European Union Foreign Ministers support Serbia's candidacy to join the European Union despite opposition from Romania. ](/news/2012/02/28/european-union-foreign-ministers-support-serbia-s-candidacy-to-join-the-european-union-despite-opposition-from-romania.md) _Context: European Union, Romania_
10. [ Carpatair Flight 128 - a Saab 2000 bound for Timisoara, Romania, from Chisinau, Moldova, and carrying 51 people - makes an emergency landing at Traian Vuia International Airport without its forward landing gear. ](/news/2009/02/28/carpatair-flight-128-a-saab-2000-bound-for-timiaoara-romania-from-chiainau-moldova-and-carrying-51-people-makes-an-emergency.md) _Context: Moldova, Romania_
