### [2016-03-27](/news/2016/03/27/index.md)

# Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. 

The gas deal signed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last December with US and Israeli gas companies to develop Israel&#39;s offshore gas deposits is rejected by High Court on the grounds that the &#39;stability clause&#39; is unconstitutional.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/518f246087d34784956bd01c77010dbc/israels-supreme-court-shoots-down-gas-deal)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-natgas-court-idUSKCN0WT0J6)
3. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4783787,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [Israel-Syria relations. The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/israel-syria-relations-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-o.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerus.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-sa.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in tonight's speech to the World Zionist Congress on "the 10 big lies" told by Palestinians and their backers, said Haj Amin al-Husseini, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem from 1922-1937, convinced Adolf Hitler and the Nazis to change their original plan of expelling Jews to the so-called Final Solution, i.e., the extermination of Jews. "The Washington Post" states this reinforces Netanyahu's position that Palestinian violence is caused by their old and intractable hatred of Jews, not Israel's 1948 creation. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-in-tonight-s-speech-to-the-world-zionist-congress-on-the-10-big-lies-told-by-palestinians-and-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu disagrees with the Iranian nuclear program agreement that the P5+1 Nations offered to Iran, saying it threatens Israel. ](/news/2015/04/3/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-disagrees-with-the-iranian-nuclear-program-agreement-that-the-p5-1-nations-offered-to-iran-saying.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
