### [2016-03-27](/news/2016/03/27/index.md)

# Myanmar general election, 2015: Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military chief, pledges to work with the new civilian government that takes over the Southeast Asian country next week, after 54 years of direct or indirect rule by the military. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5a282a96ec7a4a05950583e3f17cc611/myanmars-military-vows-join-hands-civilian-leaders)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar general election, 2015: Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015, Myanmar's military_
2. [Effects of global warming on South Asia: New research suggests that large parts of Southern Asia may be uninhabitable by 2100 due to levels of humidity dangerous to humans. ](/news/2017/08/2/effects-of-global-warming-on-south-asia-new-research-suggests-that-large-parts-of-southern-asia-may-be-uninhabitable-by-2100-due-to-levels.md) _Context: Asia_
3. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
4. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
5. [Internal conflict in Myanmar: At least 8 people are killed and more than a dozen others are injured following an attack on Tatmadaw checkpoints, police outposts and the 105th Mile Trade Center by several insurgent groups in Muse, Shan State. The State Counselor's office issues a statement claiming that the Kachin Independence Army, Ta'ang National Liberation Army and Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army were involved in the attack. ](/news/2016/11/20/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-at-least-8-people-are-killed-and-more-than-a-dozen-others-are-injured-following-an-attack-on-tatmadaw-checkpoi.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
6. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The Zika virus outbreak in Singapore which has infected over 200 people likely evolved from Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/09/4/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-zika-virus-outbreak-in-singapore-which-has-infected-over-200-people-likely-evolved-from-southeast-asia.md) _Context: Asia_
7. [2016 Southeast Asian haze: In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeast-asian-haze-in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires.md) _Context: Asia_
8. [Pulitzer Prizes: The Associated Press wins the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for documenting the use of slave labor in Southeast Asia to supply seafood to American tables. ](/news/2016/04/18/pulitzer-prizes-the-associated-press-wins-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-documenting-the-use-of-slave-labor-in-southeast-asia-to.md) _Context: Asia_
9. [2014-16 El Nino event: A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/2014-16-el-nia-o-event-a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-b.md) _Context: Asia_
10. [Myanmar general election, 2015: In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/myanmar-general-election-2015-in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civ.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
