### [2005-05-15](/news/2005/05/15/index.md)

#  Amid continuing unrest In Uzbekistan, the city of Andijan is sealed. British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says there has been "a clear abuse of human rights" in Uzbekistan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4548299.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: 36 foreign diplomats visit Andijan in a government-sponsored trip and under heavy guard. The Uzbek government continues to deny that civilians were killed. The official death toll has risen to 169 but some human rights groups state that it can be as high as 750. A group of Islamic rebels led by a man called Baxtiyor Rahimov claim that they now control the border town of Qorasuv. ](/news/2005/05/18/unrest-in-uzbekistan-36-foreign-diplomats-visit-andijan-in-a-government-sponsored-trip-and-under-heavy-guard-the-uzbek-government-continu.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
2. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: The Uzbek government says they will allow foreign diplomats to visit Andijan. Survivors from Andijan who have crossed the border to Kyrgyzstan say that government troops opened fire without warning and that they were shelled in the Kyrgyzstan border crossing. Opposition believes that as many as 745 may be dead. Official government death toll is 169. Government officials still deny that soldiers killed civilians ](/news/2005/05/17/unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-uzbek-government-says-they-will-allow-foreign-diplomats-to-visit-andijan-survivors-from-andijan-who-have-crossed.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
3. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group "Appeal", says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. [http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/05/16/artsevents/web.0516uzbek.php (IHT)] [http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/05/16/uzbekistan050516.html (CBC)] [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L16708160.htm (Reuters AlertNet)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8505718 (Reuters)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/05/16/uzbekistan.unrest/ (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4549873.stm (BBC)] [http://www.moscowtimes.ru/stories/2005/05/16/003.html (Moscow Times)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
4. [ Unrest In Uzbekistan:. Thousands of protesters reappear on the streets of Andijan in Uzbekistan despite Friday's heavy bloodshed. ](/news/2005/05/14/unrest-in-uzbekistan-thousands-of-protesters-reappear-on-the-streets-of-andijan-in-uzbekistan-despite-friday-s-heavy-bloodshed.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
5. [ Unrest In Uzbekistan:. Thousands of Uzbeks take over a high security jail in Andijan, freeing thousands of prisoners in protest against the jail sentence of 23 businessmen who were accused of being Islamic extremists. ](/news/2005/05/13/unrest-in-uzbekistan-thousands-of-uzbeks-take-over-a-high-security-jail-in-andijan-freeing-thousands-of-prisoners-in-protest-against-the.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan, unrest_
6. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
7. [ "Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one.. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department.. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport.. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required.. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-be.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
8. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [ The US State Department says it may withhold aid to Uzbekistan unless the Uzbek government agrees to an international inquiry about the unrest in Andijan. The official death toll has risen to 187. ](/news/2005/07/13/the-us-state-department-says-it-may-withhold-aid-to-uzbekistan-unless-the-uzbek-government-agrees-to-an-international-inquiry-about-the-unr.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
10. [ Uzbekistan deports four members of human rights group International Helsinki Federation after they had investigated unrest in Andijan. ](/news/2005/06/16/uzbekistan-deports-four-members-of-human-rights-group-international-helsinki-federation-after-they-had-investigated-unrest-in-andijan.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
