### [2005-05-15](/news/2005/05/15/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Shin Bet head Avi Dichter finishes his 5-year term and Yuval Diskin is appointed as his replacement. 

About 20 right-wing activists initiate unlimited hunger strike to protest upcoming settlement evacuation


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/575853.html)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3085418,00.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3085664,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at.md) _Context: Shin Bet's_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. An Israeli is stabbed by a fellow Israeli Jew, because he is mistaken for an Arab. ](/news/2015/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-is-stabbed-by-a-fellow-israeli-jew-because-he-is-mistaken-for-an-arab.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Shin Bet's_
9. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: Shin Bet's_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Defence for Children International publishes a video showing two Palestinians allegedly killed by Israeli soldiers during a demonstration that became violent.](/news/2014/05/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-defence-for-children-international-publishes-a-video-showing-two-palestinians-allegedly-killed-by-israeli-sol.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
