### [2007-03-26](/news/2007/03/26/index.md)

#  Egyptians go to the polls to vote on 34 amendments to the constitution of Egypt which the government claims will help combat terrorism. Opposition groups are boycotting the referendum claiming that they will erode civil liberties. The amendments achieved approval with 76% of the vote but with only a 27% turnout. 

Issues of politics were overshadowed by more basic concerns, like lack of jobs, inadequate housing and the price of food.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6498573.stm)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/26/world/africa/26egypt.html?_r=1&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [ Elections in Egypt: Egyptians vote in a referendum on a constitutional amendment allowing multi-candidate presidential elections while opposition groups call for a boycott, saying that requirements for candidates are too hard and still favour the ruling National Democratic Party. ](/news/2005/05/25/elections-in-egypt-egyptians-vote-in-a-referendum-on-a-constitutional-amendment-allowing-multi-candidate-presidential-elections-while-oppo.md) _Context: Egypt, boycott, referendum_
2. [The National Salvation Front, Egypt's main opposition party, announces it will boycott the upcoming parliamentary election. ](/news/2013/02/26/the-national-salvation-front-egypt-s-main-opposition-party-announces-it-will-boycott-the-upcoming-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Egypt, boycott_
3. [Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he does not mind the nomination of the former Director-General of International Atomic Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei in the next presidential election as long as it is under the framework of existing constitution. ](/news/2010/03/4/egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-says-he-does-not-mind-the-nomination-of-the-former-director-general-of-international-atomic-energy-agency-m.md) _Context: Egypt, existing constitution_
4. [ The Ugandan parliament votes in favour of holding a referendum on the return of multi-party democracy. Political opposition intends to boycott the referendum because they think that president Yoweri Museveni would use it stay in power. ](/news/2005/05/5/the-ugandan-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-holding-a-referendum-on-the-return-of-multi-party-democracy-political-opposition-intends-to-boyc.md) _Context: boycott, referendum_
5. [ In Egypt, referendum favours constitutional changes for presidential elections with 83% in favour ](/news/2005/05/26/in-egypt-referendum-favours-constitutional-changes-for-presidential-elections-with-83-in-favour.md) _Context: Egypt, referendum_
6. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
