### [2007-03-26](/news/2007/03/26/index.md)

#  Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/6494599.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley, Sinn Fein_
2. [ Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams recommends that Sinn Fin support a British-Irish power-sharing plan for Northern Ireland that involves the public decommissioning of the arms held by the Irish Republican Army. Ian Paisley of the loyalist Democratic Unionist Party may become first minister of Northern Ireland, with former IRA member Martin McGuinness as his deputy. ](/news/2004/12/6/sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-recommends-that-sinn-fein-support-a-british-irish-power-sharing-plan-for-northern-ireland-that-involves-the-pu.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Gerry Adams, Ian Paisley_
3. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley, Sinn Fein_
4. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
5. [Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-democratic-unionist-party-of-a-failed.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
6. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
7. [Former First Minister of Northern Ireland and Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley dies, aged 88. ](/news/2014/09/12/former-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-democratic-unionist-party-leader-ian-paisley-dies-aged-88.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
8. [Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/sinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing-are-dismissed-by-the-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ire.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
9. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
10. [British Prime Minister David Cameron announces that Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams has resigned from the British parliament, having accepted the position of Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead. ](/news/2011/01/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-that-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-has-resigned-from-the-british-parliament-having-accepted-the-p.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
