### [2007-03-26](/news/2007/03/26/index.md)

#  Quebec general election: The governing Quebec Liberal Party wins a minority government, with the conservative Action democratique du Quebec a strong second and the separatist Parti Quebecois third. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/quebecvotes2007/story/2007/03/26/qv-liberals20070326.html)

### Related:

1. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: minority government_
2. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: minority government_
3. [Quebec general election, 2012:The Parti Quebecois is elected to a minority government, defeating the Liberal Party of Quebec, with Pauline Marois becoming the first female premier of Quebec. ](/news/2012/09/4/quebec-general-election-2012-pthe-parti-qua-c-ba-c-cois-is-elected-to-a-minority-government-defeating-the-liberal-party-of-quebec-with-paulin.md) _Context: Parti Québécois_
4. [New Zealand general election and voting system referendum:Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. ](/news/2011/12/10/new-zealand-general-election-and-voting-system-referendum-pofficial-results-for-the-26-november-general-election-confirm-john-key-s-national.md) _Context: minority government_
5. [The Australian Council of Trade Unions and Australian Workers' Union threatens to withdraw support for the Julia Gillard minority government's plans to introduce a carbon tax unless it can be guaranteed that no jobs will be lost. ](/news/2011/04/15/the-australian-council-of-trade-unions-and-australian-workers-union-threatens-to-withdraw-support-for-the-julia-gillard-minority-government.md) _Context: minority government_
6. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: minority government_
7. [The Australian Greens agree to support a Gillard Labor minority government as negotiations continue to form a government after the recent election. ](/news/2010/09/1/the-australian-greens-agree-to-support-a-gillard-labor-minority-government-as-negotiations-continue-to-form-a-government-after-the-recent-el.md) _Context: minority government_
8. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/08/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-ivo-opstelten-the-chairman-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-appointed-the-new-info.md) _Context: minority government_
9. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: minority government_
10. [ Irish Independent Member of Parliament Noel Grealish withdraws his support for the country's government over the issue of pay cuts in the public sector. The move reduces the administration of Taoiseach Brian Cowen to a minority government. ](/news/2009/12/5/irish-independent-member-of-parliament-noel-grealish-withdraws-his-support-for-the-country-s-government-over-the-issue-of-pay-cuts-in-the-p.md) _Context: minority government_
