### [2016-07-24](/news/2016/07/24/index.md)

# Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns from her position as Chairperson of the Democratic National Committee. Wasserman Schultz had reportedly been removed from a speaking role after a WikiLeaks email leak proved her implicit support of Hillary Clinton's campaign during the primaries. Her resignation will take effect upon the close of the convention. Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair. 

The head of the Democratic Party resigned on Sunday amid a furor over embarrassing leaked emails, hoping to head off a growing rebellion by Bernie Sanders supporters on the eve of the convention to nominate Hillary Clinton for the White House.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/hacked-emails-cast-doubt-on-hopes-for-party-unity-at-democratic-convention/2016/07/24/a446c260-51a9-11e6-b7de-dfe509430c39_story.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-idUSKCN1040TO)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/22/politics/dnc-wikileaks-emails/)
4. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/07/23/wikileaks-dump-appears-to-show-dnc-favored-clinton-campaign.html)

### Related:

1. [Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie-wasserman-schultz-supported-the-candidacy-of.md) _Context: Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton, the email leak_
2. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, Donna Brazile, Hillary Clinton_
3. [Three top staffers leave the Democratic National Committee 100 days before elections in early November as a result of the email leak. ](/news/2016/08/2/three-top-staffers-leave-the-democratic-national-committee-100-days-before-elections-in-early-november-as-a-result-of-the-email-leak.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, the email leak_
4. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Hillary Clinton accepts her party's nomination as the candidate for this year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/28/hillary-clinton-accepts-her-party-s-nomination-as-the-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama's advocates for Hillary Clinton stating there has never been anyone more qualified than Hillary to serve as president. ](/news/2016/07/27/u-s-president-barack-obama-s-advocates-for-hillary-clinton-stating-there-has-never-been-anyone-more-qualified-than-hillary-to-serve-as-pres.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
7. [Hillary Clinton is nominated as the Democratic Party candidate for this year's presidential election. She becomes the first woman ever to be nominated for president by a major party in the United States.](/news/2016/07/26/hillary-clinton-is-nominated-as-the-democratic-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election-she-becomes-the-first-woman-ever-to-be.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
8. [Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. ](/news/2016/06/14/hillary-clinton-wins-the-washington-d-c-democratic-party-primary-the-last-scheduled-primary-on-the-party-s-schedule-before-the-2016-democr.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
9. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
10. [Florida Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is appointed as the Chairwoman of the US Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2011/04/5/florida-congresswoman-debbie-wasserman-schultz-is-appointed-as-the-chairwoman-of-the-us-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Democratic National Committee_
