### [2016-07-24](/news/2016/07/24/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]




### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War. Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing. A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi civil war. Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [Iraqi Civil War. Twin bombings in a pair of crowded commercial areas in Baghdad kill at least 125 people. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/3/iraqi-civil-war-twin-bombings-in-a-pair-of-crowded-commercial-areas-in-baghdad-kill-at-least-125-people-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-sold.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/iraqi-civil-war-two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-sto.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
9. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
