### [2016-07-24](/news/2016/07/24/index.md)

# Syrian opposition activists report government airstrikes on Aleppo Province kill at least five people and hit at least five medical facilities. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/07/24/world/middleeast/ap-ml-syria.html?_r=0&module=ArrowsNav&contentCollection=Middle%20East&action=keypress&region=FixedLeft&pgtype=article)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a car bomb has killed at least ten people in the city of Azaz, Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/11/17/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-car-bomb-has-killed-at-least-ten-people-in-the-city-of-azaz-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
5. [Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes-with-isil-militant.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-trucks-near-the-tow.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
8. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
9. [British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a Save the Children maternity hospital in  Kafr Takharim in rebel-held  Idlib Governorate is hit by airstrikes. No report on casualties.  SOHR also says at least five people are killed  and more than 25 injured from airstrikes in another part of the northern Idlib countryside. ](/news/2016/07/29/british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-save-the-children-maternity-hospital-in-kafr-takharim-in-rebel-held-idlib-gove.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
10. [Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide-a-way-for-rebel-fi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
