### [2016-07-24](/news/2016/07/24/index.md)

# The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/25/sports/olympics/rio-olympic-village-australia.html)

### Related:

1. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
2. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
3. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [Law enforcement in Brazil occupy Rocinha, Rio de Janeiro's biggest "favela" or slum, in a bid to clean the city ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2011/11/13/law-enforcement-in-brazil-occupy-rocinha-rio-de-janeiro-s-biggest-favela-or-slum-in-a-bid-to-clean-the-city-ahead-of-the-2014-fifa-world.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-the-australian-state-of-qu.md) _Context: Australia_
7. [Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-the-coast-of-the-australi.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-http-www-mirror-co-uk-news-wo.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-island-since-2012-so-avoiding-a-publ.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
