### [2014-03-8](/news/2014/03/8/index.md)

# Malaysia Airlines loses contact with a Boeing 777-200ER passenger plane carrying 239 people from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, China. 

South-east Asian states join forces to search waters between Malaysia and Vietnam after a Malaysia Airlines plane carrying 239 people vanishes.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-26492748)

### Related:

1. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
2. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
3. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
4. [A Malaysian court dismisses  Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore  has no liability to relatives. The court ruled  MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people-who-went-missing-on-flight-37.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Australian infrastructure and transport minister Darren Chester says in a statement that debris recovered this month in Mozambique was highly likely to be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight. ](/news/2016/03/24/australian-infrastructure-and-transport-minister-darren-chester-says-in-a-statement-that-debris-recovered-this-month-in-mozambique-was-highl.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
7. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
8. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations,  cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
9. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
10. [In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
