### [2014-03-8](/news/2014/03/8/index.md)

# United States Senator from Kentucky Rand Paul wins the annual CPAC presidential straw poll with 31% of the vote. 

In another indication of his strength among libertarian-leaning conservatives, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul won the 2014 presidential preference straw poll at CPAC on Saturday. A likely 2016 White House...


### Source:

1. [Real Clear Politics](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2014/03/08/rand_paul_easily_wins_cpac_straw_poll_121857.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-presiden.md) _Context: Kentucky, Rand Paul_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Kentucky_
3. [France-United States relations: French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/france-united-states-relations-french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-ab.md) _Context: Conservative Political Action Conference_
4. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos's invitation to speak at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference is rescinded, and publication of his book "Dangerous" by Simon & Schuster is cancelled after a video is posted allegedly containing statements of his condoning sexual relations with boys as young as thirteen. ](/news/2017/02/20/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-s-invitation-to-speak-at-the-2017-conservative-political-action-conference-is-rescinded-and-publicatio.md) _Context: Conservative Political Action Conference_
5. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Kentucky_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). ](/news/2016/03/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-ben-carson-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republic.md) _Context: Conservative Political Action Conference_
7. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016: The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final.md) _Context: Rand Paul_
8. ["Miller v. Davis": Kim Davis, the county clerk of Rowan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky, is released from jail on contempt of court charges but she may not interfere with her deputy clerks issuing marriage certificates to same sex couples. ](/news/2015/09/8/miller-v-davis-kim-davis-the-county-clerk-of-rowan-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-kentucky-is-released-from-jail-on-contempt-of-court-cha.md) _Context: Kentucky_
9. [Two people are dead and six are missing due to flash flooding in Kentucky. ](/news/2015/07/14/two-people-are-dead-and-six-are-missing-due-to-flash-flooding-in-kentucky.md) _Context: Kentucky_
10. [Kentucky U.S. Senator Rand Paul announces that he will seek the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidency in 2016. ](/news/2015/04/7/kentucky-u-s-senator-rand-paul-announces-that-he-will-seek-the-republican-nomination-for-the-u-s-presidency-in-2016.md) _Context: Rand Paul_
