### [2005-06-20](/news/2005/06/20/index.md)

#  In Brazil, president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva names energy minister Dilma Rousseff as a cabinet chief because of Jose Dirceu's resignation 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [AE Brazil](http://www.aebrazil.com/highlights/2005/jun/20/96.htm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-06-21T030116Z_01_N20555890_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-BRAZIL-POLITICS-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula_
2. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Operation Car Wash: Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula_
3. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula_
4. [Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's current president, Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. ](/news/2016/03/16/brazil-s-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-takes-cabinet-post-as-chief-of-staff-to-brazil-s-current-president-dilma-rousseff-thereby.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula_
5. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
6. [Operation Car Wash: Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/operation-car-wash-brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-l.md) _Context: Brazil, Lula_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Operation Car Wash: Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
