### [2005-06-20](/news/2005/06/20/index.md)

#  One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http:--www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Palestinian, suicide bombing_
2. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, West Bank_
3. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli helicopters fire at least two missiles into the northern Gaza Strip. The missile killed a Palestinian militant "while mounting an operation near the border" in a statement released by Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2007/04/7/israeli-helicopters-fire-at-least-two-missiles-into-the-northern-gaza-strip-the-missile-killed-a-palestinian-militant-while-mounting-an-o.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian, West Bank_

### Changes:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http:--www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claime.md) _2017-08-25 03:16:24 (First version)_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-589578.html (Haaretz)]: An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]): According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http:--www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claime.md) _2017-08-27 03:16:26 (Update)_
2. [ One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http:--www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claimed-responsibility-calling-it-re.md) _(Current version)_
