### [2005-06-20](/news/2005/06/20/index.md)

#  Turkey sentences Islamist extremist Metin Kaplan, the "Caliph of Cologne", to life in prison for his role in a plot to blow up the mausoleum of Kemal Ataturk.




### Related:

1. [Turkey summons the ambassador of Germany after at least 10,000 people rally in Cologne in support of the referendum. ](/news/2017/09/16/turkey-summons-the-ambassador-of-germany-after-at-least-10-000-people-rally-in-cologne-in-support-of-the-referendum.md) _Context: Cologne, Turkey_
2. [ Two car bombs explode outside synagogues in Istanbul, Turkey, at about 0700 UTC (1000 local time), killing at least 20 people and injuring another 250. A radical Islamist group, the Great Eastern Islamic Raiders' Front, claims responsibility.](/news/2003/11/15/two-car-bombs-explode-outside-synagogues-in-istanbul-turkey-at-about-0700-utc-1000-local-time-killing-at-least-20-people-and-injuring.md) _Context: Turkey, radical Islamists_
3. [The results of an independence referendum by Iraqi Kurdistan is to be announced. The vote is widely expected to be in favor of independence. Iran and Turkey have vowed that there may be violence if the result was independence. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-results-of-an-independence-referendum-by-iraqi-kurdistan-is-to-be-announced-the-vote-is-widely-expected-to-be-in-favor-of-independence.md) _Context: Turkey_
4. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Turkey_
5. [A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-others.md) _Context: Turkey_
6. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming-it-controversial-and-too-complex.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [Five people are killed after being electrocuted at a water park in Akyazi, Turkey. ](/news/2017/06/23/five-people-are-killed-after-being-electrocuted-at-a-water-park-in-akyaza-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey_
