### [2006-12-9](/news/2006/12/9/index.md)

#  DNA testing confirms that blood with a high blood alcohol content did indeed belong to Henri Paul, the driver in the crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales, Dodi al Fayed and Paul himself in 1997. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6162041.stm)

### Related:

1. [ A senior French police source claims Diana, Princess of Wales was pregnant when she was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997. A Clarence House spokesperson for The Prince of Wales refuses to comment on the issue. Mohamed Al-Fayed, the father of Diana's partner Dodi Al-Fayed had long insisted that Diana was pregnant with Dodi's baby and that she was murdered to stop her from giving birth. ](/news/2003/12/21/a-senior-french-police-source-claims-diana-princess-of-wales-was-pregnant-when-she-was-killed-in-a-car-crash-in-paris-in-1997-a-clarence.md) _Context: 1997, Dodi al Fayed, grandmother_
2. [ Paul Burrell, Princess Diana's butler, refuses to be questioned about whether he lied to the inquest into her death in 1997. ](/news/2008/03/6/paul-burrell-princess-diana-s-butler-refuses-to-be-questioned-about-whether-he-lied-to-the-inquest-into-her-death-in-1997.md) _Context: 1997, grandmother_
3. [ Operation Paget, the inquiry into the death in 1997 of Diana, Princess of Wales headed by Lord Stevens, a former chief of London's Metropolitan Police, concludes that there were no suspicious circumstances and that the fatal car crash in which she died was a 'tragic accident'. ](/news/2006/12/14/operation-paget-the-inquiry-into-the-death-in-1997-of-diana-princess-of-wales-headed-by-lord-stevens-a-former-chief-of-london-s-metropol.md) _Context: 1997, grandmother_
4. [ Three paparazzi who were pursuing Diana and Dodi Al-Fayed when they died face a new trial in France. ](/news/2005/04/14/three-paparazzi-who-were-pursuing-diana-and-dodi-al-fayed-when-they-died-face-a-new-trial-in-france.md) _Context: Dodi al Fayed, grandmother_
5. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: grandmother_
6. [The remains of a missing young Oregon woman, Whitney Heichel, 21, a Starbucks barista from the Portland, Oregon suburb of Gresham, Oregon, are found on Larch Mountain, Multnomah County, Oregon; after DNA testing and fingerprint analysis, Gresham Police arrested a neighbor who lived nearby in her Gresham apartment complex, Jonathan Holt, 24, on suspicion of aggravated first-degree murder. ](/news/2012/10/19/the-remains-of-a-missing-young-oregon-woman-whitney-heichel-21-a-starbucks-barista-from-the-portland-oregon-suburb-of-gresham-oregon-a.md) _Context: DNA testing_
7. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: grandmother_
8. [ Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia's chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for "contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts." Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. ](/news/2006/06/24/current-bolivian-minister-of-hydrocarbons-andra-c-s-soliz-rada-asks-boliviaas-chief-prosecutor-to-issue-charges-against-former-heads-of-enr.md) _Context: 1997_
9. [ Francis Ona, the leader of the former Bougainville Revolutionary Army, has died in village on Bougainville following a short illness. Ona led the bloody 10-year secessionist war against Papua New Guinea that ended in 1997. ](/news/2005/07/24/francis-ona-the-leader-of-the-former-bougainville-revolutionary-army-has-died-in-village-on-bougainville-following-a-short-illness-ona-l.md) _Context: 1997_
10. [ The Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund announces that on legal advice it has frozen its funds as it faces a demand for GBP15&nbsp;million ($25&nbsp;million) damages for alleged "malicious prosecution" from the "Franklin Mint" in the US. The Mint had won a courtcase over its right to manufacture a Diana, Princess of Wales lookalike doll. Hundreds of charities are expected face financial difficulties as a result of the freeze. Arc Charity Chief Executive James Churchill says "I hope that the Franklin Mint Corporation is aware of the damage that their action is causing to groups of vulnerable young people all over the world."](/news/2003/07/10/the-diana-princess-of-wales-memorial-fund-announces-that-on-legal-advice-it-has-frozen-its-funds-as-it-faces-a-demand-for-gbp15-nbsp-milli.md) _Context: grandmother_
