### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. 

The Turkish Airlines plane carrying 256 people landed safely in Halifax, Nova Scotia, officials said. It was bound for Ankara from New York City.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/turkish-airlines-flight-new-york-istanbul-diverted-mid-air-over-possible-bomb-threat-2195215)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/plane-headed-u-s-turkey-diverted-due-bomb-scare-n467736)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/22/us-canada-turkey-flight-idUSKCN0TB04Y20151122#qOyZ1frh9kI22M1o.97)

### Related:

1. [A snowstorm in the Turkish city of Istanbul leads to the closure of Istanbul Ataturk Airport, causes the cancellation of 300 Turkish Airlines flights and closes the Bosphorus Strait to shipping. ](/news/2015/02/18/a-snowstorm-in-the-turkish-city-of-istanbul-leads-to-the-closure-of-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-causes-the-cancellation-of-300-turkish-airlin.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, Turkish Airlines_
2. [ Turkish Airlines Flight 1476, a Turkish Airlines plane carrying 113 people from Tirana, Albania to Istanbul, Turkey, was hijacked, but lands at Italy's Brindisi Airport. The hijackers surrendered and were arrested by Italian police. ](/news/2006/10/3/turkish-airlines-flight-1476-a-turkish-airlines-plane-carrying-113-people-from-tirana-albania-to-istanbul-turkey-was-hijacked-but-land.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, Turkish Airlines_
3. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
4. [December 2016 Istanbul bombings. Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/december-2016-istanbul-bombings-two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
5. [A motorcycle bomb in the Yenibosna neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey, injures 10 civilians. ](/news/2016/10/6/a-motorcycle-bomb-in-the-yenibosna-neighborhood-of-istanbul-turkey-injures-10-civilians.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
6. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
7. [Turkey opens the Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge in Istanbul, one of the world's biggest suspension bridges. ](/news/2016/08/26/turkey-opens-the-yavuz-sultan-selim-bridge-in-istanbul-one-of-the-world-s-biggest-suspension-bridges.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
8. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
9. [June 2016 Istanbul bombing. Seven police officers and four civilians are killed, and 36 people are wounded, three critically, by a car bomb explosion near the main tourism district in Istanbul, Turkey. The explosives, detonated by remote control, wrecked a passing police bus, reports CNN Turk. There is no immediate claim of responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/7/june-2016-istanbul-bombing-seven-police-officers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-and-36-people-are-wounded-three-critically-by-a-car-bomb.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
10. [World Humanitarian Summit. The first-ever United Nations humanitarian summit opens in Istanbul, Turkey, to address the 125-million people crisis, the worst since World War II. ](/news/2016/05/23/world-humanitarian-summit-the-first-ever-united-nations-humanitarian-summit-opens-in-istanbul-turkey-to-address-the-125-million-people-cr.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
