### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# Bangladesh executes two former members of parliament, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, who were convicted in 2013 of war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.  

Two Bangladesh opposition leaders are executed for war crimes committed during the 1971 independence struggle against Pakistan.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34892606)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/bangladesh-executes-two-former-members-of-parliament/2015/11/21/bf01c81c-9065-11e5-934c-a369c80822c2_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A Bangladesh war crimes tribunal sentences Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, Secretary General of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami political party, to death for atrocities committed during the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/07/17/a-bangladesh-war-crimes-tribunal-sentences-ali-ahsan-mohammad-mojaheed-secretary-general-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-political-party.md) _Context: Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
2. [The head of Bangladesh's largest Islamist party, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Motiur Rahman Nizami, is executed for his alleged role in acts of genocide and war crimes 45 years ago during the independence war against Pakistan in 1971. Nizami is the fifth senior opposition leader to be executed in connection with the war; a total of 17 people have received the death penalty. Authorities prepare for possibly violent protests. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-head-of-bangladeshas-largest-islamist-party-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-motiur-rahman-nizami-is-executed-for-his-alleged-role-in-act.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
3. [Bangladeshi Jamaat-e-Islami leader Muhammad Kamaruzzaman is executed for war crimes committed during the 1971 Liberation War. ](/news/2015/04/11/bangladeshi-jamaat-e-islami-leader-muhammad-kamaruzzaman-is-executed-for-war-crimes-committed-during-the-1971-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, war crime_
4. [Bangladesh hangs Abdul Kader Mullah, a leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, for committing atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/12/12/bangladesh-hangs-abdul-kader-mullah-a-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-for-committing-atrocities-in-the-bangladesh-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
5. [Bangladeshi politician Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury is sentenced to death for war crimes including murder, torture, and genocide for his atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/10/1/bangladeshi-politician-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-is-sentenced-to-death-for-war-crimes-including-murder-torture-and-genocide-for-his-atro.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, independence war_
6. [A war crimes tribunal finds Bangladeshi ex-politician Ghulam Azam, former leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, guilty of war crimes during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/07/15/a-war-crimes-tribunal-finds-bangladeshi-ex-politician-ghulam-azam-former-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-guilty-of-war-crimes-dur.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
7. [A Bangladesh Court issues an arrest warrant, the second one so far, for former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia and 27 opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party members over political violence, mostly petrol-bomb attacks, that occurred during anti-government protests last year that killed at least 120 people. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-bangladesh-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-the-second-one-so-far-for-former-prime-minister-khaleda-zia-and-27-opposition-bangladesh-natio.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
8. [Bangladesh's Supreme Court upholds the death sentence against senior Islamist leader Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed in an appeal hearing. ](/news/2015/06/16/bangladesh-s-supreme-court-upholds-the-death-sentence-against-senior-islamist-leader-ali-ahsan-mohammad-mojaheed-in-an-appeal-hearing.md) _Context: Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, Bangladesh_
9. [A train derails in the Bangladesh district of Gaibandha as a result of sabotage resulting in at least 3 deaths. Over 60 people have been killed since an opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party announced a campaign against next months election. ](/news/2013/12/4/a-train-derails-in-the-bangladesh-district-of-gaibandha-as-a-result-of-sabotage-resulting-in-at-least-3-deaths-over-60-people-have-been-kil.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
10. [Authorities in Bangladesh arrest five leaders of the Opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party the day before the start of a nationwide strike. ](/news/2013/11/9/authorities-in-bangladesh-arrest-five-leaders-of-the-opposition-bangladesh-nationalist-party-the-day-before-the-start-of-a-nationwide-strike.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
