### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# Insurgency in the North Caucasus. Russian special forces kill 10 ISIS-linked militants in a counter-terrorist operation in a mountainous region near the city of Nalchik in Russia-s North Caucasus. 

At least 14 militants who had sworn allegiance to Islamic State have been killed by special forces in the city of Nalchik in Russia’s North Caucasus region, National Counter-Terrorist Committee reported on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/323025-militants-killed-isis-gang/)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
2. [Federal Security Service (FSB) officers kill at least four suspected North Caucasus Islamic militants during a counter-terrorism raid on an apartment building in the Russian city of Saint Petersburg. ](/news/2016/08/17/federal-security-service-fsb-officers-kill-at-least-four-suspected-north-caucasus-islamic-militants-during-a-counter-terrorism-raid-on-an.md) _Context: North Caucasus, Russia, counter-terrorism_
3. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:. Russian police kill nine suspected Islamist militants in the North Caucasus region. ](/news/2013/08/20/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-russian-police-kill-nine-suspected-islamist-militants-in-the-north-caucasus-region.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, North Caucasus, Russia_
4. [North Caucasus insurgency:. Seven policemen are killed and at least eight wounded in a suicide bombing attack in Russia's North Caucasus republic of Ingushetia. ](/news/2012/08/19/north-caucasus-insurgency-seven-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-eight-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-attack-in-russia-s-north-caucasus-rep.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, North Caucasus, Russia_
5. [North Caucasus insurgency/Ingushetia civil war:. Six people are killed and at least three injured in a series of raids by Russian forces on suspected militants in the North Caucasus. ](/news/2011/09/8/north-caucasus-insurgency-ingushetia-civil-war-six-people-are-killed-and-at-least-three-injured-in-a-series-of-raids-by-russian-forces-on.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, North Caucasus, Russia_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
10. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. At least three suspected militants are killed by Russian security forces during a firefight in Khasavyurt, Dagestan. ](/news/2017/01/29/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-by-russian-security-forces-during-a-firefight-in-khasavyurt.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
