### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. 

An Iranian court has sentenced Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, the state news agency said on Sunday quoting a judiciary spokesman, a case that is a sensitive issue in contentious U.S.-Iranian relations.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/22/us-iran-usa-trial-idUSKBN0TB0GG20151122#EpFzyEyvqyzlZVcd.97)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/post-correspondent-jason-rezaian-sentenced-to-prison-term-in-iran/2015/11/22/bfb5c112-912f-11e5-befa-99ceebcbb272_story.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151122&t=2&i=1096878872&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEBAL0A2)

### Related:

1. [Iranian State television reports that court spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i clarified the Iranian-American reporter's verdict -- "Washington Post's" Jason Rezaian was convicted in a closed-door espionage trial that ended two months ago. Details remain unknown. Rezaian faced four charges; it's not clear whether he was convicted of all charges nor what sentence was imposed. Leila Ahsan, Rezaian's lawyer, also had not received the verdict as of Sunday. Post executive editor Martin Baron says they will appeal. ](/news/2015/10/12/iranian-state-television-reports-that-court-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje-i-clarified-the-iranian-american-reporter-s-verdict-was.md) _Context: Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i, Jason Rezaian, Washington Post, espionage_
2. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-uni.md) _Context: Jason Rezaian, Washington Post_
3. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Jason Rezaian, Washington Post_
4. [ Cuba-United States relations: Carlos and Elsa Alvarez are sentenced to five and three year prison terms respectively after being convicted of spying for the Cuban government. ](/news/2007/02/28/cuba-united-states-relations-carlos-and-elsa-alvarez-are-sentenced-to-five-and-three-year-prison-terms-respectively-after-being-convicted.md) _Context: espionage, prison_
5. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i_
