### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# Russian special forces kill 10 ISIS-linked militants in a counter-terrorist operation in a mountainous region near the city of Nalchik in Russia's North Caucasus. 

At least 14 militants who had sworn allegiance to Islamic State have been killed by special forces in the city of Nalchik in Russia’s North Caucasus region, National Counter-Terrorist Committee reported on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/323025-militants-killed-isis-gang/)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2015.11/article/5651806dc46188db0e8b45f1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-caucas.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Islamic State, Russia_
2. [Federal Security Service (FSB) officers kill at least four suspected North Caucasus Islamic militants during a counter-terrorism raid on an apartment building in the Russian city of Saint Petersburg. ](/news/2016/08/17/federal-security-service-fsb-officers-kill-at-least-four-suspected-north-caucasus-islamic-militants-during-a-counter-terrorism-raid-on-an.md) _Context: North Caucasus, Russia, counter-terrorism_
3. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia_
5. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia_
6. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia_
7. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia_
8. [At least three suspected militants are killed by Russian security forces during a firefight in Khasavyurt, Dagestan. ](/news/2017/01/29/at-least-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-by-russian-security-forces-during-a-firefight-in-khasavyurt-dagestan.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia_
10. [Two Russian special forces and two suspected militants are killed in a gunfight in Nazran, Ingushetia. ](/news/2016/11/24/two-russian-special-forces-and-two-suspected-militants-are-killed-in-a-gunfight-in-nazran-ingushetia.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russian special forces_
