### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# United States President Barack Obama orders an assessment of whether intelligence reports from U.S. Central Command were changed by supervisory military personnel before formal submission to present a more optimistic picture of the American military campaign against Daesh (Islamic State). The Pentagon's Office of the Inspector General investigators seized emails from military servers over the last few weeks. 




### Source:

1. [Jurist](http://jurist.org/paperchase/2015/11/president-obama-order-assessment-of-intelligence-reports-on-american-military-campaign-in-islamic-st.php)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Barack Obama, ISIL, U.S. President, United States_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the U.S. will send an additional 250 troops to fight ISIL in Syria. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-u-s-will-send-an-additional-250-troops-to-fight-isil-in-syria.md) _Context: Barack Obama, ISIL, U.S. President_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-the-country-s-probl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, ISIL, U.S. President_
4. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, ISIL, U.S. President_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama vetoes the $612 billion annual defense authorization bill because of the way it would sidestep budget limitations for the military and because it would restrict the transfer of detainees being held at Guantanamo Bay. This is the President's fifth veto since 2009. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-vetoes-the-612-billion-annual-defense-authorization-bill-because-of-the-way-it-would-sidestep-budget-limitation.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States_
6. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States_
7. [President Barack Obama makes a surprise visit to United States armed forces based in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/12/3/president-barack-obama-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-united-states-armed-forces-based-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States_
9. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will end the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy against homosexuals serving in the U.S. military. ](/news/2009/10/10/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-end-the-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-against-homosexuals-serving-in-the-u-s-milit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will withdraw most soldiers from the Iraq War by August 2010. ](/news/2009/02/27/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-withdraw-most-soldiers-from-the-iraq-war-by-august-2010.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States_
