### [2015-11-22](/news/2015/11/22/index.md)

# United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. The UK may not face a credit rating downgrade if it votes to leave the EU in a referendum due by the end of 2017, according to the lead UK analyst at Moody-s. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/business/moodysbrexit-may-not-see-uk-rating-cut-366453.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-re.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-po.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
7. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum. European Union leaders unanimously agree on reforms aimed at keeping the United Kingdom in the 28-nation bloc before the country's scheduled June 23, 2016, referendum on continuing EU membership. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-european-union-leaders-unanimously-agree-on-reforms-aimed-at-keeping-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum_
8. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
9. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Moody's Investors Service_
10. [Brexit negotiations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
