### [2006-11-16](/news/2006/11/16/index.md)

#  Democratic Republic of Congo presidential candidate Jean-Pierre Bemba has rejected election results that gave victory to Joseph Kabila. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6155316.stm)

### Related:

1. [Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa fire on protesters opposing efforts by President Joseph Kabila to delay presidential and parliamentary elections due in 2016 leaving at least four people dead and ten injured. ](/news/2015/01/19/police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-fire-on-protesters-opposing-efforts-by-president-joseph-kabila-to-delay-presid.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Joseph Kabila_
2. [M23 rebellion:The March 23 Movement in the Democratic Republic of Congo announces that peace talks will only commence if President Joseph Kabila's government signs a ceasefire. ](/news/2013/01/3/m23-rebellion-pthe-march-23-movement-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-announces-that-peace-talks-will-only-commence-if-president-joseph-k.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Joseph Kabila_
3. [ The Presidents of Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda, Joseph Kabila and Paul Kagame, pledge to boost economic and security ties after a rare meeting. ](/news/2009/08/6/the-presidents-of-democratic-republic-of-congo-and-rwanda-joseph-kabila-and-paul-kagame-pledge-to-boost-economic-and-security-ties-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Joseph Kabila_
4. [ At least 150 people die in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo in fighting between the military and forces loyal to Senator Jean-Pierre Bemba. ](/news/2007/03/24/at-least-150-people-die-in-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-congo-in-fighting-between-the-military-and-forces-loyal-to-senator-jean-pierre.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
5. [ Democratic Republic of Congo's chief prosecutor issues an arrest warrant for Senator Jean-Pierre Bemba who has sought refuge in the South African embassy as fighting continues in Kinshasa. ](/news/2007/03/23/democratic-republic-of-congo-s-chief-prosecutor-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-senator-jean-pierre-bemba-who-has-sought-refuge-in-the-south-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
6. [ Fighting erupts in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, between Government troops and the personal militia of Jean-Pierre Bemba, defeated presidential candidate in 2006 and recently elected Senator. The Spanish embassy is caught in the crossfire, leading to its evacuation under United Nations guard. ](/news/2007/03/22/fighting-erupts-in-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-congo-between-government-troops-and-the-personal-militia-of-jean-pierre-bemba-defeate.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
7. [ Joseph Kabila wins the presidential run-off election in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with 58% of the vote according to the electoral commission. His opponent Jean-Pierre Bemba claims that there were widespread instances of fraud. ](/news/2006/11/15/joseph-kabila-wins-the-presidential-run-off-election-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-with-58-of-the-vote-according-to-the-electora.md) _Context: Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
8. [ Joseph Kabila and Jean-Pierre Bemba face-off in the presidential run-off election in Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2006/10/28/joseph-kabila-and-jean-pierre-bemba-face-off-in-the-presidential-run-off-election-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
9. [ Democratic Republic of the Congo general election: As a meeting between Bemba and foreign ambassadors representing the International Committee Accompanying the Transition to Democracy (CIAT) is taking place in Kinshasa, clashes break between Kabila and Bemba forces; Bemba's residence, hosting the meeting, comes under attack, reportedly by heavy machine guns and artillery. Several hours later, the UN spokesperson in the DRC, Jean-Tobias Okala, announced the foreign diplomats, including MONUC chief William Swing, were successfully evacuated to UN headquarters. ](/news/2006/08/21/democratic-republic-of-the-congo-general-election-as-a-meeting-between-bemba-and-foreign-ambassadors-representing-the-international-commit.md) _Context: Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
10. [ With nearly all votes counted, the presidential election in the Democratic Republic of Congo heads toward a run-off election after neither candidate wins a fifty percent majority. Full provisional results show Joseph Kabila with 44.81 percent of the vote, to Jean-Pierre Bemba's 20.03 percent. There have been reports of automatic gunfire, and MLC representatives accused Kabila's Republican Guard of killing one of its men and injuring three policemen. ](/news/2006/08/20/with-nearly-all-votes-counted-the-presidential-election-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-heads-toward-a-run-off-election-after-neither.md) _Context: Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
