### [2006-11-16](/news/2006/11/16/index.md)

#  Nancy Pelosi is unanimously nominated by the Democratic Party to become the next Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Steny Hoyer wins the election over Jack Murtha to become Majority Leader. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articleinvesting.aspx?view=CN&symbol=&storyID=2006-11-16T165944Z_01_N16319060_RTRUKOC_0_US-USA-CONGRESS-LEADERS-HOYER.xml&WTmodLoc=InvArt-C2-NextArticle-1)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [In Democratic Party congressional leadership elections, U.S. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is re-elected, holding off the challenge by Tim Ryan. Democratic whip Steny Hoyer is also re-elected. Current caucus vice chair Joseph Crowley takes the caucus chairmanship. Linda Sanchez, in a three-way race, is elected the new vice chair. ](/news/2016/11/30/in-democratic-party-congressional-leadership-elections-u-s-house-minority-leader-nancy-pelosi-is-re-elected-holding-off-the-challenge-by.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi, Steny Hoyer_
2. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
3. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi_
4. [John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peace-memorial-museum-to-the-victi.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
5. [The 112th United States Congress is convened. Republican Representative John Boehner of Ohio is elected Speaker of the House of Representatives, succeeding Democrat Nancy Pelosi of California. ](/news/2011/01/5/the-112th-united-states-congress-is-convened-republican-representative-john-boehner-of-ohio-is-elected-speaker-of-the-house-of-representati.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
6. [ Nancy Pelosi is elected speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and becomes the first woman to hold that post. ](/news/2007/01/4/nancy-pelosi-is-elected-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-becomes-the-first-woman-to-hold-that-post.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
7. [ Speaker-designate of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi announces that controversial Democratic Rep. Alcee Hastings will not be the chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in the 110th Congress. ](/news/2006/11/28/speaker-designate-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nancy-pelosi-announces-that-controversial-democratic-rep-alcee-hastings-wi.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi_
8. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives_
10. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Democratic_
