### [2006-11-16](/news/2006/11/16/index.md)

#  Segolene Royal wins the Socialist Party's nomination to run for President of France in next year's election; she becomes France's first-ever female presidential candidate representing a major party. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6152944.stm)

### Related:

1. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: PS, President of France_
2. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: PS, President of France_
3. [French politics. French government and Socialist Party admit major defeat following the French municipal elections, 2014. The President of France Franois Hollande appoints Manuel Valls, previously Minister of the Interior, as the new Prime Minister. He replaces Jean-Marc Ayrault. ](/news/2014/03/31/french-politics-french-government-and-socialist-party-admit-major-defeat-following-the-french-municipal-elections-2014-the-president-of-f.md) _Context: PS, President of France_
4. [ According to exit polls, Nicolas Sarkozy and Segolene Royal will meet in the second round of the French presidential election on May 6. Francois Bayrou and Jean-Marie Le Pen are believed to have received the third and fourth most votes respectively. ](/news/2007/04/22/according-to-exit-polls-nicolas-sarkozy-and-sa-c-gola-ne-royal-will-meet-in-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-on-may-6-f.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Segolene Royal_
5. [ French presidential election: Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as Interior Minister to concentrate on his presidential candidacy. ](/news/2007/03/26/french-presidential-election-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-interior-minister-to-concentrate-on-his-presidential-candidacy.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, President of France_
6. [ The Union for a Popular Movement nominates Nicolas Sarkozy as its candidate to become the next President of France in the 2007 French presidential election. ](/news/2007/01/14/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-nominates-nicolas-sarkozy-as-its-candidate-to-become-the-next-president-of-france-in-the-2007-french-presi.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, President of France_
7. [ Nicolas Sarkozy, the French Interior Minister, announces plans to run as a candidate for the French Presidency in elections in April 2007. ](/news/2006/11/30/nicolas-sarkozy-the-french-interior-minister-announces-plans-to-run-as-a-candidate-for-the-french-presidency-in-elections-in-april-2007.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, President of France_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: President of France_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: President of France_
10. [President of France Emmanuel Macron nominates the full Edouard Philippe government. Jean-Yves Le Drian becomes foreign minister, Sylvie Goulard defence minister, Bruno Le Maire minister of economy, and Gerard Collomb minister of the interior. ](/news/2017/05/17/president-of-france-emmanuel-macron-nominates-the-full-adouard-philippe-government-jean-yves-le-drian-becomes-foreign-minister-sylvie-gou.md) _Context: President of France_
