### [2006-11-16](/news/2006/11/16/index.md)

#  The European Commission plan to charge EUR39.60 ($51 / GBP27) green tax per return ticket on long haul flights from and to the EU by 2011, angering U.S. airline companies as they will need to buy permits to cover their European emissions. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,13509-2455479,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin questions the commitment of the European Union to the construction of the Nord Stream pipeline to establish a natural gas delivery network from his country to Europe. A European Commission spokesman responds, "The EU continues to strongly support the Nord Stream pipeline". ](/news/2008/11/13/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-questions-the-commitment-of-the-european-union-to-the-construction-of-the-nord-stream-pipeline-to-est.md) _Context: Europe, European Commission, European Union_
2. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union_
3. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
4. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
5. [The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya-threatens-to-send-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
6. [Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will 'start falling apart' within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turkey-did-not-attend-the-pri.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
7. [The European Union and Turkey reach an agreement for Turkey to stem the flow of migrants into Europe in return for a GBP3bn aid package, easier visa conditions and re-energised talks to join the bloc. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-european-union-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-for-turkey-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-into-europe-in-return-for-a-agbp3bn-aid-package-ea.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
8. [Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, says it would be "extremely difficult, if not impossible" for an independent Scotland to join the European Union as it would need the approval of all member states. ](/news/2014/02/16/josa-c-manuel-barroso-president-of-the-european-commission-says-it-would-be-extremely-difficult-if-not-impossible-for-an-independent-sco.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union_
9. [In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". ](/news/2013/10/25/in-a-joint-statement-leaders-of-the-european-union-say-that-recent-claims-about-the-united-states-spying-on-european-leaders-such-as-germa.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
10. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
