### [2012-07-12](/news/2012/07/12/index.md)

# Former FBI Director Louis Freeh's report into the Penn State sex abuse scandal is released, alleging that late head football coach Joe Paterno and other school officials covered up child sexual abuse by former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/07/12/us/pennsylvania-penn-state-paterno/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/8159195/report-says-penn-state-nittany-lions-senior-officials-disregarded-children-welfare)

### Related:

1. [Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. ](/news/2012/08/22/penn-state-s-ex-president-graham-spanier-rejects-the-report-by-former-fbi-head-louis-freeh-accusing-the-university-of-a-cover-up-saying-he.md) _Context: FBI, Jerry Sandusky, Louis Freeh_
2. [The U.S.'s Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director, James Comey, announces an increased reward of $5 million (up from $1 million, issued in 2012) for information leading to the return of a former FBI agent Robert Levinson (who disappeared March 9, 2007, in Iran and who was paid by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to gather information about Iran's nuclear program). ](/news/2015/03/9/the-u-s-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-director-james-comey-announces-an-increased-reward-of-5-million-up-from-1-million-iss.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI_
3. [Jerry Sandusky, former American football coach at Pennsylvania State University, is convicted on 45 charges of child sex abuse. He is on suicide watch. ](/news/2012/06/22/jerry-sandusky-former-american-football-coach-at-pennsylvania-state-university-is-convicted-on-45-charges-of-child-sex-abuse-he-is-on-sui.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State sex abuse scandal_
4. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
5. [Crime in Alaska. A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/crime-in-alaska-a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passe.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-l.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
7. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [Dismissal of James Comey. U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/dismissal-of-james-comey-u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
9. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI-s investigation of Russia-s efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller.md) _Context: Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation_
