### [2012-02-9](/news/2012/02/9/index.md)

# Analyst Roland S. Martin is suspended from CNN over numerous offensive comments he made about gay men on Twitter during the broadcast of Super Bowl XLVI. 




### Source:

1. [TIME](http://entertainment.time.com/2012/02/09/twimmolation-alert-roland-martin-gets-his-ascot-in-hot-water-at-cnn/?iid=ent-main-mostpop1)

### Related:

1. [CNN's veteran Middle East editor Octavia Nasr writes on Twitter that she "respected" the recently deceased Lebanese Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah. The comment is deleted from Twitter and Nasr is promptly sacked by CNN. ](/news/2010/07/8/cnn-s-veteran-middle-east-editor-octavia-nasr-writes-on-twitter-that-she-respected-the-recently-deceased-lebanese-grand-ayatollah-mohammad.md) _Context: CNN, Twitter_
2. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter_
3. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: gay_
4. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: CNN_
5. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: CNN_
6. [Venezuela bans CNN en Espanol, CNN's 24-hour Spanish language television channel, after accusing it of spreading propaganda. ](/news/2017/02/15/venezuela-bans-cnn-en-espaa-ol-cnn-s-24-hour-spanish-language-television-channel-after-accusing-it-of-spreading-propaganda.md) _Context: CNN_
7. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: Twitter_
8. [Twitter announces 235,000 terror-linked accounts have been suspended over the past six months amid increasing pressure on tech companies from the White House to censor extremists from groups like ISIS.  ](/news/2016/08/18/twitter-announces-235-000-terror-linked-accounts-have-been-suspended-over-the-past-six-months-amid-increasing-pressure-on-tech-companies-fro.md) _Context: Twitter_
9. [Breitbart tech editor and outspoken conservative gay activist Milo Yiannopoulos with more than 338,000 registered followers is "permanently" banned from Twitter. ](/news/2016/07/20/breitbart-tech-editor-and-outspoken-conservative-gay-activist-milo-yiannopoulos-with-more-than-338-000-registered-followers-is-permanently.md) _Context: Twitter_
10. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: Twitter_
