### [2012-02-9](/news/2012/02/9/index.md)

# Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper goes on an official visit to China, meeting with President Hu Jintao, Premier Wen Jiabao, and Vice-Premier Li Keqiang. The two countries sign trade deals worth over $3 billion. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/story/2012/02/09/china-canada-trade.html)

### Related:

1. [ Four new members join the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, China's "de facto" top power organ. They are Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang, He Guoqiang and Zhou Yongkang. President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao retain their seats. ](/news/2007/10/22/four-new-members-join-the-politburo-standing-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-china-s-de-facto-top-power-organ-they-are-xi-jin.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Li Keqiang, Wen Jiabao_
2. [ U.S. President Barack Obama continues his first trip to China and meets with Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2009/11/17/u-s-president-barack-obama-continues-his-first-trip-to-china-and-meets-with-chinese-president-hu-jintao-and-premier-wen-jiabao.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Wen Jiabao_
3. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Beijing for the last leg of her six-country Asian trip. Rice met with President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao; talks about North Korea nuclear missiles program and Taiwan are on the top of the agenda. ](/news/2005/03/20/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-beijing-for-the-last-leg-of-her-six-country-asian-trip-rice-met-with-president-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Wen Jiabao_
4. [China-Germany relations. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and German Chancellor Angela Merkel vow to expand their partnership in combating global climate change. ](/news/2017/06/1/china-germany-relations-chinese-premier-li-keqiang-and-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-vow-to-expand-their-partnership-in-combating-globa.md) _Context: Li Keqiang_
5. [China-Norway relations. Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/china-norway-relations-prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-t.md) _Context: Li Keqiang_
6. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: Hu Jintao_
7. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
8. [Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, arrives in Bucharest, Romania, to attend the China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) leaders- meeting as a guest of Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2013/11/25/chinese-premier-li-keqiang-arrives-in-bucharest-romania-to-attend-the-china-central-and-eastern-europe-cee-leaders-meeting-as-a-gues.md) _Context: Li Keqiang_
9. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
10. [The National People's Congress names CPC General Secretary Xi Jinping as the new President of the People's Republic of China, Politburo member Li Yuanchao as the new Vice President, Li Keqiang as the new Premier, and Politburo standing member Zhang Dejiang as the Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-people-s-congress-names-cpc-general-secretary-xi-jinping-as-the-new-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-politburo-memb.md) _Context: Li Keqiang_
