### [2004-09-11](/news/2004/09/11/index.md)

#  2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Twenty-five foot waves and high winds from Hurricane Ivan hit the southern coast of Jamaica early Saturday morning, destroying homes and causing five deaths. There are also reports of looters roaming the streets of Jamaica's capital city, Kingston, some of whom are reportedly robbing emergency workers at gunpoint. As of 17:00 local time (21:00 UTC), Ivan has regained Category Five strength, and is now located about 234 km (134 miles) west of Jamaica and is headed toward the Cayman Islands and western Cuba. Hurricane warnings have been issued for the Cayman Islands, western Cuba, and the Florida Keys. The death toll from Ivan now stands at 50. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/wire/World/ap20040911_761.html)
2. [NOAA/NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2004/pub/al092004.public.038.shtml?)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581321&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Ivan strengthens to the first Category 5 hurricane of the season, with sustained wind speeds of 160&nbsp;mi/h (260 km/h). It is currently forecast to strike Jamaica, Cuba and possibly Florida. The storm has the potential to cause catastrophic damage. ](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba, Hurricane Ivan, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
2. [ Hurricane Ivan, still at Category Five strength, continues to travel northward, causing damage throughout the western Caribbean. As of 23:00 local time (0300 UTC September 13), it is located about 285 km (175 miles) southeast of the western tip of Cuba, and it is predicted that the eye of Ivan will pass over that part of the island Monday afternoon or evening. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581889&section=news (Reuters)] [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2004/mar/al092004.fstadv.043.shtml? (NOAA/NHC)] The Cuban government evacuates between 800,000 and 1.3 million people from coastal cities and developed areas. Cubans have begun calling the hurricane "Ivan the Terrible". [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581889&section=news (Reuters)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2004/09/13/national/13storm.html (New York Times)] [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2004/mar/al092004.fstadv.043.shtml? (NOAA/NHC)] A storm surge from Hurricane Ivan travels at least 1 km (0.6 mile) inland on Grand Cayman, the largest of the three islands of the Cayman Islands, forcing residents to seek shelter on their house roofs.](/news/2004/09/13/hurricane-ivan-still-at-category-five-strength-continues-to-travel-northward-causing-damage-throughout-the-western-caribbean-as-of-23-0.md) _Context: Cayman Islands, Cuba, Hurricane Ivan, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
3. [ Hurricane Gustav reaches hurricane strength en route to the Cayman Islands, Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/08/29/hurricane-gustav-reaches-hurricane-strength-en-route-to-the-cayman-islands-cuba-and-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cayman Islands, Cuba_
4. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Jeanne strengthens slightly as it passes over the northern Bahamas and makes landfall at 11:50 p.m. local time at Hutchison Island, just east of Stuart, Florida, as a Category Three storm with maximum sustained winds of 120&nbsp;mph (195 km/h). About 3 million people are ordered to evacuate vulnerable areas in Florida. ](/news/2004/09/25/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-jeanne-strengthens-slightly-as-it-passes-over-the-northern-bahamas-and-makes-landfall-at-11-50-p.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
5. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The storm formerly known as Hurricane Ivan, now a tropical depression, makes landfall near the Texas-Louisiana border late Thursday night, with maximum sustained winds of 35&nbsp;mph. ](/news/2004/09/24/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-storm-formerly-known-as-hurricane-ivan-now-a-tropical-depression-makes-landfall-near-the-texasaloui.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Ivan_
6. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, ](/news/2017/09/9/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-cuba-the-death-toll-across-the-caribbean-is-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: Cuba_
7. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
8. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba_
9. [Two Joseon Dynasty-era royal seals which were repatriated last July from the U.S. after being illegally taken out by an American soldier during the Korean War, are on exhibit at the National Palace Museum of Korea. ](/news/2017/08/18/two-joseon-dynasty-era-royal-seals-which-were-repatriated-last-july-from-the-u-s-after-being-illegally-taken-out-by-an-american-soldier-dur.md) _Context: illegally taken out_
10. [An Aerogaviota-operated Antonov An-26 plane crashes in western Artemisa Province, Cuba, killing eight troops on board. ](/news/2017/04/29/an-aerogaviota-operated-antonov-an-26-plane-crashes-in-western-artemisa-province-cuba-killing-eight-troops-on-board.md) _Context: Cuba_
