### [2006-12-11](/news/2006/12/11/index.md)

#  In an interview with Jeff Stein, a national security editor for ''Congressional Quarterly'', Silvestre Reyes, the incoming Chairman of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee incorrectly claims that Al Qaeda is a "predominantly Shiite" organization. When asked if Hezbollah is a Sunni or a Shiite organization, Reyes said "It's hard to keep things in perspective and in the categories." 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,235933,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Shiite Houthi rebels seize a Yemeni military base south of the capital, Sana'a, where U.S. military advisers once trained Yemeni counterterrorism forces to fight Al-Qaeda in the south of the country. Forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh had manned the captured base. ](/news/2015/01/29/shiite-houthi-rebels-seize-a-yemeni-military-base-south-of-the-capital-sana-a-where-u-s-military-advisers-once-trained-yemeni-counterterr.md) _Context: Shiite, al-Qaeda_
2. [Two rockets strike the Lebanese capital of Beirut in the predominantly Shiite southern suburbs, which also serves as the stronghold of Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/05/26/two-rockets-strike-the-lebanese-capital-of-beirut-in-the-predominantly-shiite-southern-suburbs-which-also-serves-as-the-stronghold-of-hezbo.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Shiite_
3. [ War in Iraq: United States troops in Iraq launch an offensive against Al Qaeda-linked Sunni militants and alleged Iranian linked Shiite militants. ](/news/2007/08/13/war-in-iraq-united-states-troops-in-iraq-launch-an-offensive-against-al-qaeda-linked-sunni-militants-and-alleged-iranian-linked-shiite-mil.md) _Context: Shiite, al-Qaeda_
4. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad.md) _Context: Hezbollah, al-Qaeda_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
6. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
7. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
