### [2006-12-11](/news/2006/12/11/index.md)

#  United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan strongly criticizes the United States, in particular the Bush administration, claiming it has strayed from multilateralism and human rights, in his final speech. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6169669.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine.  While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned  of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: United States, human rights_
2. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: United States, human rights_
3. [The United States imposes sanctions on 18 "Magnitsky list" Russians accused of human rights violations. Russia threatens to retaliate. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-united-states-imposes-sanctions-on-18-magnitsky-list-russians-accused-of-human-rights-violations-russia-threatens-to-retaliate.md) _Context: United States, human rights_
4. [Russia announces a tit-for-tat visa bar on Americans guilty of human rights violations, over the US Magnitsky bill. ](/news/2012/12/7/russia-announces-a-tit-for-tat-visa-bar-on-americans-guilty-of-human-rights-violations-over-the-us-magnitsky-bill.md) _Context: United States, human rights_
5. [The United States announces plans to impose sanctions on the President of Syria, Bashar al-Assad, and six members of his government, for alleged human rights breaches during the 2011 Syrian uprising. ](/news/2011/05/18/the-united-states-announces-plans-to-impose-sanctions-on-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-and-six-members-of-his-government-for-all.md) _Context: United States, human rights_
6. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan warns of "troubling developments" in Burundi that could lead to violence. ](/news/2006/12/24/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-of-troubling-developments-in-burundi-that-could-lead-to-violence.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
8. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council.  A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
10. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns movement by Eritrea of 1,500 troops and 14 tanks into the UNMEE-monitored Temporary Security Zone with Ethiopia as a "major breach" of the ceasefire agreement that ended the Eritrean-Ethiopian War. ](/news/2006/10/16/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-condemns-movement-by-eritrea-of-1-500-troops-and-14-tanks-into-the-unmee-monitored-temporary-se.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
