### [2008-09-29](/news/2008/09/29/index.md)

#  United States Attorney General Michael Mukasey announces the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate the firings of nine U.S. attorneys in 2006. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/09/29/us.attorneys/index.html?eref=rss_politics)

### Related:

1. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: United States Attorney General, chief federal prosecutors_
2. [ United States Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapses while giving a speech to the Federalist Society in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2008/11/20/united-states-attorney-general-michael-mukasey-collapses-while-giving-a-speech-to-the-federalist-society-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Michael Mukasey, United States Attorney General_
3. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said in a statement "Recent attacks in Europe and elsewhere confirm that the threat to our nation is immediate and real, and it remains essential that we use every lawful tool available to prevent as many attacks as possible". ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
4. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
5. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
6. [The U.S. Attorney's office in Los Angeles, California announces that Scott London, former senior partner with KPMG, has agreed to plead guilty on charges involving insider trading. ](/news/2013/05/28/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-los-angeles-california-announces-that-scott-london-former-senior-partner-with-kpmg-has-agreed-to-plead-guil.md) _Context: chief federal prosecutors_
7. [Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. ](/news/2013/05/13/attorney-general-eric-holder-acting-for-the-obama-administration-testifies-before-the-house-judiciary-committee-that-he-was-not-party-to-t.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [Prosecutors ask a judge of the Manhattan federal district court to sentence Peter Madoff, brother and co-conspirator of infamous scammer Bernard Madoff, to a sentence of ten years. ](/news/2012/12/13/prosecutors-ask-a-judge-of-the-manhattan-federal-district-court-to-sentence-peter-madoff-brother-and-co-conspirator-of-infamous-scammer-ber.md) _Context: chief federal prosecutors_
9. [The US Justice Department's inspector general finds that the agency's Operation Fast and Furious created a "significant danger to public safety". The investigation also finds that Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. had no prior knowledge of the operation. ](/news/2012/09/19/the-us-justice-department-s-inspector-general-finds-that-the-agency-s-operation-fast-and-furious-created-a-significant-danger-to-public-saf.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
10. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
