### [2013-03-21](/news/2013/03/21/index.md)

# Seven people are shot and wounded at a nightclub in Chicago, Illinois, United States. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/21/us/illinois-chicago-nightclub-shooting/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois, United States_
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Chicago, United States_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
4. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Illinois, United States_
6. [Five adults and one child are found stabbed to death in the Chicago neighborhood of Gage Park in the U.S. ](/news/2016/02/4/five-adults-and-one-child-are-found-stabbed-to-death-in-the-chicago-neighborhood-of-gage-park-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: Chicago, United States_
7. [The United States Department of Justice will investigate the Chicago, Illinois police department. Long concerned with Chicago police department practices, the investigation is precipitated by the recent release of a video of the shooting death of Laquan McDonald. The Chicago police are set to release another video showing the police killing of Ronald Johnson in October of 2014. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-department-of-justice-will-investigate-the-chicago-illinois-police-department-long-concerned-with-chicago-police-departm.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
8. [Chicago, Illinois police officer, Jason Van Dyke, enters a not guilty plea regarding the charges of the 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/29/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-enters-a-not-guilty-plea-regarding-the-charges-of-the-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdona.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
9. [Chicago, Illinois Mayor Rahm Emanuel asked for and received the resignation of that city's police superintendant Garry McCarthy. Emanuel spoke of the loss of the public's confidence in the city police and announced a task force on police accountability. The change comes in the wake of protests over the release of police footage showing the October 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/1/chicago-illinois-mayor-rahm-emanuel-asked-for-and-received-the-resignation-of-that-cityas-police-superintendant-garry-mccarthy-emanuel-s.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
10. [Chicago, Illinois police officer Jason Van Dyke is charged with first-degree murder for the October 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old boy armed with a 3-inch knife. The charge comes shortly before the release of the police video showing the shooting. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel meets with community leaders to discuss the video's release and the potential ramifications for the city. ](/news/2015/11/24/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-is-charged-with-first-degree-murder-for-the-october-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdonald.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
