### [2013-03-21](/news/2013/03/21/index.md)

# Several BBC Twitter accounts are hacked including its Weather, Arabic and Radio Ulster feeds by a group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army. 

The BBC has become the latest victim of Twitter hackers as several of its feeds, including @bbcweather, are taken over by pro-Syrian hackers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-21879230)

### Related:

1. [The United States stock market undergoes a flash crash (similar to 2010) of 1 percent when the Twitter feed from the Associated Press news agency is hacked and erroneously states that several explosions have injured President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-united-states-stock-market-undergoes-a-flash-crash-similar-to-2010-of-1-percent-when-the-twitter-feed-from-the-associated-press-news-a.md) _Context: hackers, tweets_
2. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: tweets_
3. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
4. [Social networking service. Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/social-networking-service-facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-th.md) _Context: tweets_
5. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: tweets_
6. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: tweets_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933. The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [October 2016 Dyn cyberattack. A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/october-2016-dyn-cyberattack-a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-p.md) _Context: tweets_
10. [Twitter announces 235,000 terror-linked accounts have been suspended over the past six months amid increasing pressure on tech companies from the White House to censor extremists from groups like ISIS. ](/news/2016/08/18/twitter-announces-235-000-terror-linked-accounts-have-been-suspended-over-the-past-six-months-amid-increasing-pressure-on-tech-companies-fro.md) _Context: tweets_
