### [2013-03-21](/news/2013/03/21/index.md)

# The suspect wanted in connection with the shooting death of prison chief Tom Clements in Colorado, is believed to be the man that was killed in a shootout with deputies in Montague County, Texas, United States. A deputy was seriously injured in the shootout. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/21/justice/colorado-prison-chief-shooting)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado, Texas, United States_
2. [ Powerful tornadoes hit several U.S. states, killing a couple in Oklahoma, a woman in Colorado and a man in Texas. ](/news/2007/03/29/powerful-tornadoes-hit-several-u-s-states-killing-a-couple-in-oklahoma-a-woman-in-colorado-and-a-man-in-texas.md) _Context: Colorado, Texas, United States_
3. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
4. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
5. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
6. [Bahamian-United States relations: 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers: Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Colorado, Texas_
8. [Houston mayoral election, 2015: Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/houston-mayoral-election-2015-residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
9. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
