### [2013-03-21](/news/2013/03/21/index.md)

# Two rockets fired from Gaza strip land in Sderot, Israel, in violation of the ceasefire brokered after the eight-day conflict in November 2012. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/gaza-rockets-mar-obamas-israel-visit/story?id=18780287)

### Related:

1. [A rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel, marking the first such attack since a ceasefire was signed in November 2012. ](/news/2013/02/26/a-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-marking-the-first-such-attack-since-a-ceasefire-was-signed-in-november-2012.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, November 2012_
2. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades of Fatah claims its militants have fired a missile into southern Israeli city of Sderot in response to Israeli raids on the Gaza Strip. Israeli sources said the rocket landed on a building and caused damages and panic. ](/news/2007/08/30/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-of-fatah-claims-its-militants-have-fired-a-missile-into-southern-israeli-city-of-sderot-in-response-to-israeli.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
3. [ Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-the-gaza-strip-with-no-casual.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Militants in the Gaza Strip fire eight rockets at the southern Israeli cities of Sderot and Kibbutz Nir Am. The IAF makes an air strike on the Gaza Strip, in which they destroy two buildings. ](/news/2007/05/23/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-eight-rockets-at-the-southern-israeli-cities-of-sderot-and-kibbutz-nir-am-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
5. [ Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-court-in-sderot-more-than-fifteen-rockets-land-in-israeli-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
6. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
7. [ The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.](/news/2006/06/18/the-israeli-town-of-sderot-shuts-down-for-24-hours-in-protest-of-continuing-qassam-rocket-attacks-more-than-six-hundred-qassam-rockets-wer.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
8. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
9. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
