### [2013-03-21](/news/2013/03/21/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama, in a formal visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories, states that "Palestinians deserve a state of their own". 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/03/21/17396987-obama-appeals-to-israelis-give-justice-to-the-palestinians)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, Palestinian, visit_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned. Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment. Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-you.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinians_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
5. [Law in Israel: Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/law-in-israel-israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
7. [Palestinian prisoners of Israel: Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails - activists say up to 1,500 are participating - begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/palestinian-prisoners-of-israel-hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-begi.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
8. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process: A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effo.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
