### [2005-12-20](/news/2005/12/20/index.md)

#  Chiyoda Corp. and Technip SA win a 500-billion Yen contract to build two LNG (liquefied natural gas) facilities in Qatar. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000101&sid=ag77MzsABS24&refer=japan)

### Related:

1. [ Ministers from natural gas exporting countries such as Russia, Kazakhstan and Iran meet in Doha, Qatar, prompting speculation that they might be looking at transforming the Gas Exporting Countries Forum into a cartel similar to OPEC. ](/news/2007/04/9/ministers-from-natural-gas-exporting-countries-such-as-russia-kazakhstan-and-iran-meet-in-doha-qatar-prompting-speculation-that-they-mig.md) _Context: Qatar, natural gas_
2. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
3. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
5. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
6. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death.  ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Qatar_
7. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Qatar_
8. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Qatar_
9. [The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners.  The  representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process.  ](/news/2016/04/27/the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisoners-the-representa.md) _Context: Qatar_
10. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Qatar_
