### [2005-12-20](/news/2005/12/20/index.md)

#  Israel:. In the Likud primary elections, Benjamin Netanyahu wins, becoming the new Likud leader. In the voting, he is followed by Silvan Shalom, Moshe Feyglin, and Yisrael Katz. 

New Likud leader addresses ruling party activists following primaries win, says Likud starting to make way back to power; earlier, Foreign Minister Shalom calls to congratulate Bibi. After 98 percent of ballots counted, Bibi leading with 44 percent, Shalom second with 33 percent of vote


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3187017,00.html)
2. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3187360,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Likud primary elections for the party's leadership between the candidates Benjamin Netanyahu, Silvan Shalom, Yisrael Katz and Moshe Feyglin opened at 10:00 a.m. ](/news/2005/12/19/the-likud-primary-elections-for-the-party-s-leadership-between-the-candidates-benjamin-netanyahu-silvan-shalom-yisrael-katz-and-moshe-fey.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, Moshe Feiglin, Silvan Shalom, Yisrael Katz_
2. [Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom (Likud party) resigns because of allegations he sexually harassed several women during his career. Israel's attorney general has started an investigation of Shalom, who also resigned his Interior Minister position and Knesset seat. ](/news/2015/12/21/israeli-vice-prime-minister-silvan-shalom-likud-party-resigns-because-of-allegations-he-sexually-harassed-several-women-during-his-career.md) _Context: Israel, Likud, Silvan Shalom_
3. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Likud_
4. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu comfortably wins a leadership election for the Likud Party defeating Moshe Feiglin. ](/news/2012/01/31/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-comfortably-wins-a-leadership-election-for-the-likud-party-defeating-moshe-feiglin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, Moshe Feiglin_
5. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Likud_
6. [ Israeli President Shimon Peres selects Likud Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu to form the country's next government. ](/news/2009/02/20/israeli-president-shimon-peres-selects-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-to-form-the-country-s-next-government.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Likud_
7. [Israel-Jordan relations. 2017 Amman incident. Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-jordan-relations-2017-amman-incident-israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel_
8. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Israel, Yisrael Katz_
9. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel_
