### [2015-08-31](/news/2015/08/31/index.md)

# A Kansas court convicts white supremacist Frazier Glenn Miller, Jr. (also known as Frazier Glenn Cross) of three counts of murder outside two Jewish centers. 

A man who admitted in court to wanting to kill Jews was found guilty on Monday of murdering three people, including a teenage boy, outside two Jewish centers in Kansas last year. A seven-man, five-woman jury took less than two hours to convict Frazier Glenn Cross, 74, on the three murders as well as


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/murder-charges-against-white-supremacist-jury-kansas-193612145.html)

### Related:

1. [Overland Park Jewish Community Center shooting. Two shootings occur at Jewish facilities on the Kansas side of the Kansas City area. The first occurs at a Jewish Community Center in Overland Park, and the second takes place at a retirement center in Leawood. Three people are killed. A gunman is arrested. ](/news/2014/04/13/overland-park-jewish-community-center-shooting-two-shootings-occur-at-jewish-facilities-on-the-kansas-side-of-the-kansas-city-area-the-fir.md) _Context: Jewish, Kansas_
2. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Jewish_
3. [Palestine-United Kingdom relations: The Palestinian National Authority says it is planning to sue the United Kingdom over the 1917 Balfour Declaration. Palestinian Foreign Affairs Minister Riyad al-Maliki says the document led to mass Jewish immigration to British Mandatory Palestine, "at the expense of our Palestinian people". ](/news/2016/07/26/palestine-united-kingdom-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-it-is-planning-to-sue-the-united-kingdom-over-the-1917-balfour.md) _Context: Jewish_
4. [At least three people are missing after heavy rains caused flooding in the U.S. states of Texas and Kansas. So far, four people have died in the flooding. ](/news/2016/05/29/at-least-three-people-are-missing-after-heavy-rains-caused-flooding-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-and-kansas-so-far-four-people-have-died-in.md) _Context: Kansas_
5. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Kansas_
6. [An Amtrak passenger train derails west of Dodge City in the American state of Kansas. ](/news/2016/03/14/an-amtrak-passenger-train-derails-west-of-dodge-city-in-the-american-state-of-kansas.md) _Context: Kansas_
7. [The Maryland Court of Appeals rules the state's Public Information Act does not apply to abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. ](/news/2016/02/22/the-maryland-court-of-appeals-rules-the-state-s-public-information-act-does-not-apply-to-abortion-clinic-license-applicants-names-denying.md) _Context: Kansas_
8. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: Jewish_
9. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Kansas_
10. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Kansas_
