### [2012-09-15](/news/2012/09/15/index.md)

# Chinese Vice President and Paramount Leader-designate Xi Jinping is shown on television for the first time in weeks, debunking rumours of serious illness. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/china/2012-09/15/c_131852049.htm)
2. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5junlq_tKkR_jcObDqbUzbuRk1ePw?docId=CNG.918a0c8a1cc31e2f529c603aeb767fae.1c1)

### Related:

1. [China-Finland relations Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/chinaafinland-relations-pchinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
2. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
3. [The foreign ministry of the People's Republic of China confirms that the country's head of state Xi Jinping will attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this year, making him the first President of China to attend the high-profile event. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-foreign-ministry-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-confirms-that-the-country-s-head-of-state-xi-jinping-will-attend-the-world-economic-f.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
4. [Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen rejects a supposed deadline set by Chinese President Xi Jinping for accepting the 1992 Consensus, saying such a deadline is against the will of the people. ](/news/2016/07/22/taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-rejects-a-supposed-deadline-set-by-chinese-president-xi-jinping-for-accepting-the-1992-consensus-saying-su.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
5. [Xi Jinping, the President of the People's Republic of China, assures that China will prevent war breaking out between North Korea and South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/28/xi-jinping-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-assures-that-china-will-prevent-war-breaking-out-between-north-korea-and-south.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
6. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
7. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that  started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
8. [  Chinese President Xi Jinping and Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou meet in Singapore, the first meeting between a Chinese and Taiwanese leader since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/7/chinese-president-xi-jinping-and-taiwanese-president-ma-ying-jeou-meet-in-singapore-the-first-meeting-between-a-chinese-and-taiwanese-lea.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
9. [Chinese President Xi Jinping announced a major overhaul of China's military to make the world's largest army more combat ready and better equipped to project force beyond the country's borders. Under the reorganization, all branches of the armed forces would come under a joint military command. The Chinese president said the reform aimed to "build an elite combat force" and called on the officials to make "breakthroughs" on establishing the joint command by 2020, Xinhua said. ](/news/2015/11/27/chinese-president-xi-jinping-announced-a-major-overhaul-of-chinaas-military-to-make-the-worldas-largest-army-more-combat-ready-and-bette.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
10. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Xi Jinping_
