### [2012-09-15](/news/2012/09/15/index.md)

# The "Irish Daily Star" becomes the second tabloid newspaper to publish topless photographs of Kate Middleton, prompting media boss Richard Desmond to close down the joint venture between Independent News and Media and his Northern and Shell group that published the paper. 

Media boss Richard Desmond tonight began &quot;immediate steps&quot; to close down his joint venture with the Irish Daily Star after the newspaper published topless photographs of Kate Middleton.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/0915/kate-middleton-irish-daily-star.html)

### Related:

1. [Following the decision of "Irish Daily Star" editor Michael O'Kane to publish topless photographs of The Duchess of Cambridge, Northern & Shell chairman Richard Desmond immediately closes down his joint venture with the tabloid. ](/news/2012/09/15/following-the-decision-of-irish-daily-star-editor-michael-o-kane-to-publish-topless-photographs-of-the-duchess-of-cambridge-northern-sh.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Irish Daily Star, Richard Desmond_
2. ["Irish Daily Star" editor Michael O'Kane resigns over his role in the publication of topless photographs of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/11/24/irish-daily-star-editor-michael-o-kane-resigns-over-his-role-in-the-publication-of-topless-photographs-of-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Irish Daily Star_
3. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
4. [Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, returns home to cheering crowds after giving birth to her and the Duke's second child, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge, fourth in line to the throne behind her older brother, Prince George of Cambridge, at St Mary's Hospital, London. Many countries send congratulations. ](/news/2015/05/2/catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-returns-home-to-cheering-crowds-after-giving-birth-to-her-and-the-duke-s-second-child-princess-charlotte-o.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
5. [Clarence House confirms that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child. ](/news/2014/09/8/clarence-house-confirms-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-are-expecting-their-second-child.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
6. [Phone hacking scandal:: A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/phone-hacking-scandal-a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunc.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
7. [Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, gives birth to a healthy boy, George Alexander Louis. The child, formally known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge, is third in line to the British throne. ](/news/2013/07/22/catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-gives-birth-to-a-healthy-boy-george-alexander-louis-the-child-formally-known-as-his-royal-highness-princ.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
8. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid "The Sun" about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-abo.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
9. [The first official portrait of the Duchess of Cambridge, painted by Paul Emsley, is unveiled to a mixed reception from critics. ](/news/2013/01/11/the-first-official-portrait-of-the-duchess-of-cambridge-painted-by-paul-emsley-is-unveiled-to-a-mixed-reception-from-critics.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
10. [Jacintha Saldanha, a nurse at a London hospital, who took a hoax call from 2Day FM prankers about the Duchess of Cambridge, is found dead in a suspected suicide. ](/news/2012/12/7/jacintha-saldanha-a-nurse-at-a-london-hospital-who-took-a-hoax-call-from-2day-fm-prankers-about-the-duchess-of-cambridge-is-found-dead-in.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge_
