### [2007-09-29](/news/2007/09/29/index.md)

#  President of Pakistan Muslim League (N) says former Pakistan President Nawaz Sharif will make a comeback to Pakistan after Ramadan. 




### Related:

1. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif cancels the Pakistan Muslim League's proposed demonstration, following the impending reinstatement of Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry as Chief Justice. ](/news/2009/03/16/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-cancels-the-pakistan-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-following-the-impending-reinstate.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League_
2. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is placed under house arrest to prevent the Pakistani Muslim League's proposed demonstration in Islamabad on March 16. ](/news/2009/03/15/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-placed-under-house-arrest-to-prevent-the-pakistani-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-i.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League_
3. [ Former  Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announces that he is withdrawing his Pakistan Muslim League (N) party from Pakistan's governing coalition. ](/news/2008/08/25/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-announces-that-he-is-withdrawing-his-pakistan-muslim-league-n-party-from-pakistan-s-governing-coaliti.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League_
4. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League_
5. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N), is found ineligible by a court to stand in upcoming by-elections. ](/news/2008/06/23/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-and-leader-of-the-pakistan-muslim-league-n-is-found-ineligible-by-a-court-to-stand-in-up.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League_
6. [ Ministers from Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) resign from the Government of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/05/13/ministers-from-nawaz-sharif-s-party-pakistan-muslim-league-n-resign-from-the-government-of-pakistan.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League_
7. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
9. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
10. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
