### [2016-03-3](/news/2016/03/3/index.md)

# A nationwide power outage hits Syria. The Syrian government says shortly before the power outage, militants had hit part of a power-generating station with rockets in the city of Hama, though it hasn't said whether this damage was linked to the nationwide outage. Also, it isn't clear how many people are affected by the power outage as many cities outside of the government's control already weren't being served by the government-run power grid. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/03/middleeast/syria-war/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War:Eleven people, including six members of a United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons fact finding mission, are attacked near Hama in central Syria. ](/news/2014/05/27/syrian-civil-war-peleven-people-including-six-members-of-a-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-fact-finding.md) _Context: Hama, Syria_
2. [Syrian civil war:A suicide truck bomber attack by the Al-Qaeda-linked Al-Nusra Front on a government checkpoint outside Hama, Syria, kills at least 30 people, including a number of soldiers. ](/news/2013/10/20/syrian-civil-war-pa-suicide-truck-bomber-attack-by-the-al-qaeda-linked-al-nusra-front-on-a-government-checkpoint-outside-hama-syria-kills.md) _Context: Hama, Syria_
3. [Syria:Over 100 civilians are killed by the Syrian army, primarily in the artillery shelling of the cities of Homs and Hama. ](/news/2012/02/25/syria-pover-100-civilians-are-killed-by-the-syrian-army-primarily-in-the-artillery-shelling-of-the-cities-of-homs-and-hama.md) _Context: Hama, Syria_
4. [Thirteen people are killed in Hama, Syria, during the latest violence in the ongoing uprising. ](/news/2011/12/14/thirteen-people-are-killed-in-hama-syria-during-the-latest-violence-in-the-ongoing-uprising.md) _Context: Hama, Syria_
5. [2011 Syrian uprising:Opposition activists claim that at least 38 people, including six children, have been killed by security forces across Syria:  16 in the city of Homs, 10 in Idlib, six in Hama, three in the suburbs of Damascus and three in Daraa. ](/news/2011/11/10/2011-syrian-uprising-popposition-activists-claim-that-at-least-38-people-including-six-children-have-been-killed-by-security-forces-across.md) _Context: Hama, Syria_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denied the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria_
