### [2016-03-3](/news/2016/03/3/index.md)

# Jordan-United States relations. The United States delivers eight UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters to Jordan to help the Jordanian Armed Forces defend the country from the threat of ISIL. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-jordan-usa-idUSKCN0W5230)

### Related:

1. [Jordan-United States relations. Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordan-united-states-relations-jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: Jordan, Jordan-United States relations_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
3. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
4. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
5. [Four police officers and one suspect have been killed following a raid on an apartment near Al-Karak in Jordan. Two more suspects have been arrested under suspicions of connections with Sunday's attack in the city by the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/12/20/four-police-officers-and-one-suspect-have-been-killed-following-a-raid-on-an-apartment-near-al-karak-in-jordan-two-more-suspects-have-been.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Jordan_
6. [Military intervention against ISIL. A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/military-intervention-against-isil-a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
7. [Three U.S. service members are killed in an exchange of gunfire with Jordanian military guards outside the King Faisal Air Base near Al-Jafr, Jordan. A Jordanian officer is also injured in the incident. ](/news/2016/11/4/three-u-s-service-members-are-killed-in-an-exchange-of-gunfire-with-jordanian-military-guards-outside-the-king-faisal-air-base-near-al-jafr.md) _Context: Jordanian military, United States_
8. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
9. [Syrian Civil War. U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
