### [2005-03-15](/news/2005/03/15/index.md)

#  In Lebanon, United Nations team that investigates murder of Rafik Hariri, completes its mission. They will present their findings to secretary general Kofi Annan in New York 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4352513.stm)
2. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L15259271.htm)

### Related:

1. [ A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-united-nations-investigation-headed-by-detlev-mehlis-has-found-that-high-ranking-members-of-the-syrian-and-lebanese-governments-were-invo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
2. [ A United Nations investigation has concluded that Rafik Hariri, the former Prime Minister of Lebanon, was killed by a truck bomb. ](/news/2005/06/17/a-united-nations-investigation-has-concluded-that-rafik-hariri-the-former-prime-minister-of-lebanon-was-killed-by-a-truck-bomb.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
3. [ In Lebanon, Michel Abu Arraj, a judge investigating the murder of Rafik Hariri, asks to step down from the case prior to public announcement of the results of the United Nations investigation. ](/news/2005/03/23/in-lebanon-michel-abu-arraj-a-judge-investigating-the-murder-of-rafik-hariri-asks-to-step-down-from-the-case-prior-to-public-announcemen.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
4. [ The UN Secretary General, Kofi Annan, is sending a team of experts to Lebanon to investigate the killing of the former prime minister, Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/02/19/the-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-is-sending-a-team-of-experts-to-lebanon-to-investigate-the-killing-of-the-former-prime-minister-rafi.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Lebanon, Rafik Hariri_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
6. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
7. [Close to 300 landmarks in 60 countries, from the Pyramids in Egypt, to the Eiffel Tower in Paris, and the Empire State Building in New York, were lit up in blue - the official color of the United Nations - to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the world body. ](/news/2015/10/24/close-to-300-landmarks-in-60-countries-from-the-pyramids-in-egypt-to-the-eiffel-tower-in-paris-and-the-empire-state-building-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
8. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):. United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/syrian-uprising-2011-present-united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
9. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations appoints a special rapporteur to investigate the situation in Tibet, after hunger strikes occurred outside the United Nations Headquarters building in New York City. ](/news/2012/03/22/the-united-nations-appoints-a-special-rapporteur-to-investigate-the-situation-in-tibet-after-hunger-strikes-occurred-outside-the-united-nat.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
