### [2012-02-10](/news/2012/02/10/index.md)

# A Saudi blogger is detained by Malaysian police after fleeing Saudi Arabia for allegedly insulting the Prophet Muhammad. 

Hamza Kashgari detained after apparently fleeing kingdom after being accused of insulting Prophet Muhammad on Twitter.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/02/20122105349670993.html)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia deports Saudi Arabian journalist Hamzar Kashgari, accused of insulting the prophet Muhammad in a tweet. ](/news/2012/02/12/malaysia-deports-saudi-arabian-journalist-hamzar-kashgari-accused-of-insulting-the-prophet-muhammad-in-a-tweet.md) _Context: Malaysia, Muhammad, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Islamic Military Alliance: Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country-s ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia-s military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/islamic-military-alliance-pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terr.md) _Context: Malaysia, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Malaysia, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Middle East:: Complaints are raised against a Saudi Arabian writer for allegedly describing a hadith of the Prophet Muhammad as "barbaric" during a program presented by Nadeen Al-Badr on Al-Hurra Channel. ](/news/2010/03/19/middle-east-complaints-are-raised-against-a-saudi-arabian-writer-for-allegedly-describing-a-hadith-of-the-prophet-muhammad-as-barbaric-d.md) _Context: Muhammad, Saudi Arabia_
5. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
