### [2012-02-10](/news/2012/02/10/index.md)

# Argentina's foreign minister Hector Timerman issues a formal complaint to the United Nations about British "militarisation" of seas around the Falkland Islands. 

Argentine president Cristina Fernandez gave instructions for the formal complaint before the United Nations accusing the United Kingdom of &lsquo;militarization&rsquo; of the South Atlantic and Malvinas Islands be presented on Friday, according to a release from the Argentine Ministry of Foreign Affairs.


### Source:

1. [Merco Press](http://en.mercopress.com/2012/02/10/timerman-on-friday-formalizes-at-un-complaint-against-uk-militarization-of-malvinas-dispute)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2012/feb/10/argentina-falklands-protest-un)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, United Nations_
2. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom  David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
3. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
4. [Argentina turns away two cruise ships from the port of Ushuaia &ndash; P&O Cruises ''Adonia'' and Princess Cruises' ''Star Princess'' &ndash; because the ships had earlier visited the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/27/argentina-turns-away-two-cruise-ships-from-the-port-of-ushuaia-ndash-p-o-cruises-adonia-and-princess-cruises-star-princess-ndash.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
5. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
6. [Sir Mark Lyall Grant, the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, describes claims by Argentina that the United Kingdom is militarising the Falkland Islands as "manifestly absurd". ](/news/2012/02/11/sir-mark-lyall-grant-the-permanent-representative-of-the-united-kingdom-to-the-united-nations-describes-claims-by-argentina-that-the-unite.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
7. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
8. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute:Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. ](/news/2010/02/22/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-pdesire-petroleum-a-british-listed-firm-begins-drilling-for-oil-at-an-offshore-platform-within-the-te.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
9. [ Argentina formally accepts apologies from the Spanish government which admitted having committed a "protocol error" on allowing the presence of a delegation from the Falkland Islands in an international fisheries sustainability conference. ](/news/2009/09/16/argentina-formally-accepts-apologies-from-the-spanish-government-which-admitted-having-committed-a-aprotocol-errora-on-allowing-the-pre.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
