### [2012-02-10](/news/2012/02/10/index.md)

# Banking scion Nat Rothschild loses his libel action against the "Daily Mail" for a statement that he is "puppet master" for Peter Mandelson and Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/feb/10/nat-rothschild-loses-daily-mail-libel-action)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
2. [Thousands of people sign an online petition requesting the "Daily Mail" to sack its controversial columnist Richard Littlejohn after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/26/thousands-of-people-sign-an-online-petition-requesting-the-daily-mail-to-sack-its-controversial-columnist-richard-littlejohn-after-the-pos.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
3. [Hundreds of people gather outside "Daily Mail" headquarters to hold a vigil after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/25/hundreds-of-people-gather-outside-daily-mail-headquarters-to-hold-a-vigil-after-the-possible-hounding-to-death-of-a-primary-school-teacher.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
4. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday", is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
5. [After a five-day trial in the High Court, 27-year-old assistant tutor Luke Cooper, who is completing a PhD in international relations at the University of Sussex, is awarded GBP35,000 over a front page "Evening Standard" article and GBP25,000 over a follow-up piece in the "Daily Mail". These articles threatened his future academic prospects during the November 2010 march against government cuts. ](/news/2012/06/23/after-a-five-day-trial-in-the-high-court-27-year-old-assistant-tutor-luke-cooper-who-is-completing-a-phd-in-international-relations-at-the.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
6. [The UK's Press Complaints Commission rejects a complaint by the husband of Stephen Gately about Jan Moir's "Daily Mail" article following his death but its head calls Moir's writing "extremely distasteful". ](/news/2010/02/18/the-uk-s-press-complaints-commission-rejects-a-complaint-by-the-husband-of-stephen-gately-about-jan-moir-s-daily-mail-article-following-hi.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
7. [ Scotland Yard investigates a complaint about an article by Jan Moir in the UK's "Daily Mail" tabloid concerning her views on the death of Boyzone singer Stephen Gately. ](/news/2009/10/18/scotland-yard-investigates-a-complaint-about-an-article-by-jan-moir-in-the-uk-s-daily-mail-tabloid-concerning-her-views-on-the-death-of-b.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
8. [ The "News of the World" and "Daily Mail" newspapers apologise to Fabio Capello, the manager of England's national football team, after printing pictures of him and his wife Laura resting in mud-baths on an Italian beach. ](/news/2009/09/24/the-news-of-the-world-and-daily-mail-newspapers-apologise-to-fabio-capello-the-manager-of-england-s-national-football-team-after-prin.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
9. [ A protestor from Plane Stupid throws custard at United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Peter Mandelson during a low-carbon summit in London. ](/news/2009/03/6/a-protestor-from-plane-stupid-throws-custard-at-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-business-enterprise-and-regulatory-reform-peter-mand.md) _Context: Peter Mandelson_
10. [ United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Peter Mandelson unveils a GBP2.3-billion bailout for the British motor industry. ](/news/2009/01/27/united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-business-enterprise-and-regulatory-reform-peter-mandelson-unveils-a-agbp2-3-billion-bailout-for-the.md) _Context: Peter Mandelson_
