### [2012-02-10](/news/2012/02/10/index.md)

# Luka Bojovic, an alleged member of the Zemun Clan, is arrested in Valencia, Spain, for involvement in over 20 murders in Serbia, the Netherlands and Spain, including the killing of former Prime Minister of Serbia Zoran Dindic. 

A man suspected of involvement in the 2003 killing of Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic is arrested in Spain, police say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16984223)

### Related:

1. [Milos Simovic is arrested in a forest near Belgrade while attempting to cross into Croatia. He was convicted ''in absentia'' of the assassination of Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Dindic in 2003. ](/news/2010/06/10/miloa-simovia-is-arrested-in-a-forest-near-belgrade-while-attempting-to-cross-into-croatia-he-was-convicted-in-absentia-of-the-assass.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia, Zoran Dindic_
2. [ A Serbian court finds 12 men, including Milorad Ulemek, guilty of the 2003 assassination of Prime Minister Zoran Dindic. ](/news/2007/05/23/a-serbian-court-finds-12-men-including-milorad-ulemek-guilty-of-the-2003-assassination-of-prime-minister-zoran-ainaia.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia, Zoran Dindic_
3. [Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conservative-serbian-progressive-party-is-ex.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
4. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. ](/news/2016/03/4/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-at-the-request-of-serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-dissolves-serbia-s-parliament-and-calls-fo.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
5. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
6. [Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dacic, who was flashed by a model without underwear masquerading as a television interviewer, launches an investigation into how he became the target of the prank. ](/news/2013/01/31/serbia-s-prime-minister-ivica-daaia-who-was-flashed-by-a-model-without-underwear-masquerading-as-a-television-interviewer-launches-an-in.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
7. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Netherlands, Spain_
8. [ Serbian President Boris Tadic has named Mirko Cvetkovic for the new Prime Minister following the parliamentary election that were held in May. ](/news/2008/06/27/serbian-president-boris-tadia-has-named-mirko-cvetkovia-for-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-parliamentary-election-that-were-held-in.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
9. [ Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica resigns, dissolving a coalition too divided over the loss of Kosovo to carry on governing. ](/news/2008/03/8/serbian-prime-minister-vojislav-koa-tunica-resigns-dissolving-a-coalition-too-divided-over-the-loss-of-kosovo-to-carry-on-governing.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
10. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Serbia, Spain_
