### [2007-01-14](/news/2007/01/14/index.md)

#  The Red Crystal is recognized as an official symbol of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6260353.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Clashes and air strikes are reported in Yemen despite a fragile truce between the government and Houthis taking effect. However, the truce appears to be largely holding as members from the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement are granted unhindered access to give humanitarian aid and personnel across the country. ](/news/2016/04/11/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-clashes-and-air-strikes-are-reported-in-yemen-despite-a-fragile-truce-between-the-government-and-houthis.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
3. [A suicide bomber targeting Shiites at a mosque in Qatif, Saudi Arabia, has killed 19 and injured 28, per Red Crescent authorities. ](/news/2015/05/22/a-suicide-bomber-targeting-shiites-at-a-mosque-in-qatif-saudi-arabia-has-killed-19-and-injured-28-per-red-crescent-authorities.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
4. [Insurgents storm a Red Cross guest house in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/05/29/insurgents-storm-a-red-cross-guest-house-in-jalalabad-afghanistan.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
5. [The Red Crescent Society, for the first time since December 2008 and in a joint venture between Iran and Turkey, prepares to send two aid boats of donations and relief workers to Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/8/the-red-crescent-society-for-the-first-time-since-december-2008-and-in-a-joint-venture-between-iran-and-turkey-prepares-to-send-two-aid-bo.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
6. [ The Abu Sayyaf Group releases Swiss Red Cross worker Andreas Notter from captivity in the Philippines. ](/news/2009/04/18/the-abu-sayyaf-group-releases-swiss-red-cross-worker-andreas-notter-from-captivity-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
7. [ Nur Hassan Hussein, head of the Somali Red Crescent and former policeman, is named the new Prime Minister of Somalia. ](/news/2007/11/22/nur-hassan-hussein-head-of-the-somali-red-crescent-and-former-policeman-is-named-the-new-prime-minister-of-somalia.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
8. [ Hurricane Dean makes its final landfall near Tecolutla, Veracruz, Mexico, 100 miles north of the city of Veracruz, as a Category 2 storm. The Red Cross reports only one injury and no deaths from Dean's first landfall on the Yucatan Peninsula. ](/news/2007/08/22/hurricane-dean-makes-its-final-landfall-near-tecolutla-veracruz-mexico-100-miles-north-of-the-city-of-veracruz-as-a-category-2-storm-t.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
9. [ Independent reports say that over 100 people are dead and missing in North Korea as a result of floods and landslides, while the North's government-controlled media omitted mention of any casualties. More than 9,000 families are left homeless. There have been at least 25 deaths in South Korea. ](/news/2006/07/19/independent-reports-say-that-over-100-people-are-dead-and-missing-in-north-korea-as-a-result-of-floods-and-landslides-while-the-north-s-go.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
10. [ The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement adopt a Red Crystal design, allowing Israel to join as a fully participating member. ](/news/2005/12/8/the-international-red-cross-and-red-crescent-movement-adopt-a-red-crystal-design-allowing-israel-to-join-as-a-fully-participating-member.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
