### [2014-08-10](/news/2014/08/10/index.md)

# Voters in Turkey go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with current Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan poised for a first round victory. 

Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was set to be Turkey&#039;s next president after local media credited the veteran prime minister with more than half the vote with nearly all the ballots counted.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28729234)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/turkeys-erdogan-set-for-win-in-presidential-election-20140811-102l3d.html)

### Related:

1. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [Syrian Civil War: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against -terrorist organizations.- Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/syrian-civil-war-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-terrorist-organizations.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Russia-Turkey relations: A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russia-turkey-relations-a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-rus.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [Turkey's state run Anadolu Agency reports that twenty police officers have been charged with illegal wiretaps of officials including the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Another 49 are awaiting questioning. ](/news/2014/07/26/turkey-s-state-run-anadolu-agency-reports-that-twenty-police-officers-have-been-charged-with-illegal-wiretaps-of-officials-including-the-pri.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [Turkish local elections, 2014:: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory. ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
6. [Turkey restricts access to Twitter hours after the Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to "root out" the social network where politically sensitive documents had been published. ](/news/2014/03/21/turkey-restricts-access-to-twitter-hours-after-the-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-root-out-the-social-network-where-pol.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
7. [In response to Israeli air strikes on Syria, Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Israel's government is waging "state terrorism". ](/news/2013/02/3/in-response-to-israeli-air-strikes-on-syria-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-israel-s-government-is-waging-state-terror.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
8. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
9. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert apologizes to the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan for possibly violating Turkish airspace. ](/news/2007/10/28/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-apologizes-to-the-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-possibly-violating-turkish-ai.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
10. [ Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls for a change to the country's Constitution to end the ban on the wearing of headscarves in universities. ](/news/2007/09/19/prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-calls-for-a-change-to-the-country-s-constitution-to-end-the-ban-on-the-wearing-of-headscarve.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
