### [2002-08-10](/news/2002/08/10/index.md)

#  Charlton Heston, movie actor and president of the National Rifle Association, announces that he has Alzheimer's disease.




### Related:

1. [Biogen Idec Inc. reports that a drug in a phase II clinical research trial has achieved the first experimental demonstration of a statistically significant reduction in amyloid plaque as well as a slowing of clinical impairment in patients with Alzheimer's disease. The antibody drug, aducanumab, blocked beta amyloid formation, a protein that forms toxic brain-destroying plaques, and significantly slowed cognitive decline. ](/news/2015/03/20/biogen-idec-inc-reports-that-a-drug-in-a-phase-ii-clinical-research-trial-has-achieved-the-first-experimental-demonstration-of-a-statistica.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
2. [A group of American scientists at Washington University announce in a study published in the journal ''Neuron'' that they have identified a number of genetic markers that are associated with increased risk of Alzheimer's disease. ](/news/2013/04/4/a-group-of-american-scientists-at-washington-university-announce-in-a-study-published-in-the-journal-neuron-that-they-have-identified-a.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
3. [Research by study author Kerry O'Banion, of the University of Rochester Medical Center in Rochester, New York, announces that a particularly harmful type of space radiation may accelerate the development of Alzheimer's disease. ](/news/2012/12/31/research-by-study-author-kerry-o-banion-of-the-university-of-rochester-medical-center-in-rochester-new-york-announces-that-a-particularly.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
4. [British entertainer Max Bygraves, who had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease, dies in Hope Island, Queensland, Australia, at the age of 89. ](/news/2012/08/31/british-entertainer-max-bygraves-who-had-been-suffering-from-alzheimer-s-disease-dies-in-hope-island-queensland-australia-at-the-age-of.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
5. [The United States announces a national plan to develop an effective treatment for Alzheimer's disease by 2025. ](/news/2012/05/15/the-united-states-announces-a-national-plan-to-develop-an-effective-treatment-for-alzheimer-s-disease-by-2025.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
6. [The 2011 Alzheimer's Association International Conference in Paris, France announces that Samantha Burnham and others at the Australian national science agency, CSIRO, working with several universities, have produced what may one day become a routine, valid blood test for nine hormones and proteins that, when too high, can serve as predictors of the presence of the hallmark beta amyloid plaques of Alzheimer's disease.](/news/2011/07/20/the-2011-alzheimer-s-association-international-conference-in-paris-france-announces-that-samantha-burnham-and-others-at-the-australian-nati.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
7. [U.S. country music singer Glen Campbell is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. ](/news/2011/06/22/u-s-country-music-singer-glen-campbell-is-diagnosed-with-alzheimer-s-disease.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
8. [ ''Discworld'' author Terry Pratchett, who has Alzheimer's disease, criticises new guidelines on assisted suicide. ](/news/2009/09/27/discworld-author-terry-pratchett-who-has-alzheimer-s-disease-criticises-new-guidelines-on-assisted-suicide.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
9. [ The body of Noam Moskovich, an Alzheimer's patient who was claimed to be abducted by Palestinian militants, is found in Rishon LeZion. Police ruled out both criminal and terrorist motives. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-body-of-noam-moskovich-an-alzheimer-s-patient-who-was-claimed-to-be-abducted-by-palestinian-militants-is-found-in-rishon-lezion-poli.md) _Context: Alzheimer's disease_
