### [2007-06-20](/news/2007/06/20/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Australia, John Howard, announces plans to buy three Spanish-designed warships and two large Spanish landing ships for the Royal Australian Navy at a cost of $A11-billion. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via the West Australian](http://www.thewest.com.au/default.aspx?MenuID=145&ContentID=31911)

### Related:

1. [  The President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard agree to six deals including an agreement whereby the PRC will purchase A$35 billion worth of liquefied natural gas from Woodside Petroleum. ](/news/2007/09/6/the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-and-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-agree-to-six-deals-including-an-agre.md) _Context: A$, Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that French company DCNS has been awarded a $50 billion contract to build a new fleet of submarines for the Royal Australian Navy with the subs to be built in Adelaide. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-french-company-dcns-has-been-awarded-a-50-billion-contract-to-build-a-new-f.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Royal Australian Navy_
3. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, on a trip to Shanghai, China, announces that the Australian dollar is set to trade directly with the Chinese yuan, becoming the third currency to do so. ](/news/2013/04/8/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-on-a-trip-to-shanghai-china-announces-that-the-australian-dollar-is-set-to-trade-directly-with-th.md) _Context: A$, Australian Prime Minister_
4. [Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. ](/news/2012/01/1/queen-elizabeth-ii-appoints-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-british-painter-david-hockney-to-the-order-of-merit.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
5. [An audience member throws shoes at former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard during an appearance on Q&A on ABC1. ](/news/2010/10/25/an-audience-member-throws-shoes-at-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-during-an-appearance-on-q-a-on-abc1.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
6. [Chinese Vice-President Xi Jinping meets with Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on an official trip to Canberra. The two countries sign agreements valued at over A$10 billion. ](/news/2010/06/21/chinese-vice-president-xi-jinping-meets-with-australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-on-an-official-trip-to-canberra-the-two-countries-sign-ag.md) _Context: A$, Australian Prime Minister_
7. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
9. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard proposes a constitutional referendum recognising indigenous Australians in the Australian constitution, if he is reelected. ](/news/2007/10/11/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-proposes-a-constitutional-referendum-recognising-indigenous-australians-in-the-australian-const.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
10. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
