### [2016-05-11](/news/2016/05/11/index.md)

# The head of Bangladesh's largest Islamist party, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Motiur Rahman Nizami, is executed for his alleged role in acts of genocide and war crimes 45 years ago during the independence war against Pakistan in 1971. Nizami is the fifth senior opposition leader to be executed in connection with the war; a total of 17 people have received the death penalty. Authorities prepare for possibly violent protests. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/home-minister-bangladesh-executes-leader-of-islamist-party/2016/05/10/961a5f50-16e2-11e6-971a-dadf9ab18869_story.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/11/world/asia/bangladesh-executed-motiur-rahman-nizami.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=second-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)
3. [Vice News](https://news.vice.com/article/bangladesh-hangs-opposition-leader-nizami-may-make-islamic-radicalism-even-worse)

### Related:

1. [Bangladesh executes two former members of parliament, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, who were convicted in 2013 of war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence. ](/news/2015/11/22/bangladesh-executes-two-former-members-of-parliament-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-of-the-bangladesh-nationalist-party-and-ali-ahsan-mohamm.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
2. [Bangladesh hangs Abdul Kader Mullah, a leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, for committing atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/12/12/bangladesh-hangs-abdul-kader-mullah-a-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-for-committing-atrocities-in-the-bangladesh-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
3. [A Bangladesh war crimes tribunal sentences Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, Secretary General of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami political party, to death for atrocities committed during the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/07/17/a-bangladesh-war-crimes-tribunal-sentences-ali-ahsan-mohammad-mojaheed-secretary-general-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-political-party.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
4. [A war crimes tribunal finds Bangladeshi ex-politician Ghulam Azam, former leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, guilty of war crimes during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/07/15/a-war-crimes-tribunal-finds-bangladeshi-ex-politician-ghulam-azam-former-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-guilty-of-war-crimes-dur.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
5. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan_
6. [Bangladeshi Jamaat-e-Islami leader Muhammad Kamaruzzaman is executed for war crimes committed during the 1971 Liberation War. ](/news/2015/04/11/bangladeshi-jamaat-e-islami-leader-muhammad-kamaruzzaman-is-executed-for-war-crimes-committed-during-the-1971-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
7. [Bangladeshi politician Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury is sentenced to death for war crimes including murder, torture, and genocide for his atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/10/1/bangladeshi-politician-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-is-sentenced-to-death-for-war-crimes-including-murder-torture-and-genocide-for-his-atro.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
8. [Abdul Kader Mullah, a leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami party, is sentenced to death for war crimes in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/09/17/abdul-kader-mullah-a-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-party-is-sentenced-to-death-for-war-crimes-in-the-bangladesh-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, independence war_
9. [The Dhaka High Court rules the registration of Bangladesh's largest Islamic group Jamaat-e-Islami as a political party illegal making it potentially ineligible to contest elections. ](/news/2013/08/1/the-dhaka-high-court-rules-the-registration-of-bangladesh-s-largest-islamic-group-jamaat-e-islami-as-a-political-party-illegal-making-it-pot.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
10. [Three people are dead and over 200 are injured when Hefajat-e-Islam and Jamaat-e-Islami clash with police in Dhaka, Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/05/5/three-people-are-dead-and-over-200-are-injured-when-hefajat-e-islam-and-jamaat-e-islami-clash-with-police-in-dhaka-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
