### [2016-05-11](/news/2016/05/11/index.md)

# Uganda arrests  opposition leader Kizza Besigye as he addressed a crowd of supporters in the capital Kampala, and shuts down access to social media within the country prior  to  President Yoweri Museveni's inauguration tomorrow. 




### Source:

1. [Global Voices](https://globalvoices.org/2016/05/11/social-media-access-blocked-in-uganda-ahead-of-president-musevenis-inauguration/)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/05/11/world/africa/ap-af-uganda-inauguration-crackdown.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Uganda go to the polls for a general election to elect a new President of Uganda as well as for parliamentary and local elections. The Presidential race with eight candidates including incumbent Yoweri Museveni and seven challengers is tipped to be the closest in the nation's history. ](/news/2016/02/18/voters-in-uganda-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-to-elect-a-new-president-of-uganda-as-well-as-for-parliamentary-and-local-elections.md) _Context: President, Uganda, Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
2. [ Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye, the main challenger to President Yoweri Museveni in the first multi-party elections since 1986, is arrested by the police. This has sparked off riots. He is accused of having links to the rebel groups People's Redemption Army and Lord's Resistance Army. ](/news/2005/11/14/ugandan-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-the-main-challenger-to-president-yoweri-museveni-in-the-first-multi-party-elections-since-1986-is.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, President, Uganda, Yoweri Museveni_
3. [In compliance with recent UN Security Council resolutons, President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announces an end to security and military cooperation with North Korea. ](/news/2016/05/29/in-compliance-with-recent-un-security-council-resolutons-president-yoweri-museveni-of-uganda-announces-an-end-to-security-and-military-coop.md) _Context: President, Uganda, Yoweri Museveni_
4. [The President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni is declared the winner of the Presidential election with 60% of the vote. European Union observers state that the election was held in an "intimidating atmosphere". ](/news/2016/02/20/the-president-of-uganda-yoweri-museveni-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-presidential-election-with-60-of-the-vote-european-union-observers-s.md) _Context: President, Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
5. [Opposition leader Kizza Besigye is arrested again just before a planned press conference. Police raid Besigye's Forum for Democratic Change party headquarters and fire tear gas at the FDC supporters. Partial results from the electoral commission show a lead for incumbent president Yoweri Museveni. ](/news/2016/02/19/opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-is-arrested-again-just-before-a-planned-press-conference-police-raid-besigye-s-forum-for-democratic-change.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
6. [Prime Minister Ruhakana Rugunda says tomorrow's presidential and parliamentary elections will be peaceful, and urges all registered citizens to vote. Seven candidates are vying to unseat President Museveni, who has been in office since 1986. ](/news/2016/02/17/prime-minister-ruhakana-rugunda-says-tomorrowas-presidential-and-parliamentary-elections-will-be-peaceful-and-urges-all-registered-citize.md) _Context: President, Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
7. [Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye says the government may fall amid ongoing protests, unless President Yoweri Museveni offers concessions. ](/news/2011/05/15/ugandan-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-says-the-government-may-fall-amid-ongoing-protests-unless-president-yoweri-museveni-offers-concessi.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Uganda, Yoweri Museveni_
8. [Yoweri Museveni is sworn in for a fourth term as President of Uganda, amid protests. ](/news/2011/05/12/yoweri-museveni-is-sworn-in-for-a-fourth-term-as-president-of-uganda-amid-protests.md) _Context: President, Uganda, Yoweri Museveni_
9. [The Ugandan political opposition, the Forum for Democratic Change, claims that its leader Kizza Besigye has been barred from boarding a flight to Kampala from the Kenyan capital Nairobi. ](/news/2011/05/11/the-ugandan-political-opposition-the-forum-for-democratic-change-claims-that-its-leader-kizza-besigye-has-been-barred-from-boarding-a-flig.md) _Context: Kampala, Kizza Besigye, Uganda_
10. [Riots take place in the Ugandan capital Kampala after opposition leader Kizza Besigye is attacked, leaving two people dead and dozens injured. ](/news/2011/04/29/riots-take-place-in-the-ugandan-capital-kampala-after-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-is-attacked-leaving-two-people-dead-and-dozens-injure.md) _Context: Kampala, Kizza Besigye, Uganda_
