### [2016-05-11](/news/2016/05/11/index.md)

# West Fertilizer Company explosion. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives finds that a 2013 fire at a fertilizer plant in the American town of West, Texas, that killed 15 people was arson and begins the search for suspects. 

Officials launched a hunt Wednesday for possible criminal suspects in the 2013 explosion that killed 15 people at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, after announcing the fire that triggered the blast was arson.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/05/11/fire-in-texas-fertilizer-plant-blast-was-criminal-officials-say.html)

### Related:

1. [According to the U.S. ATF, no evidence has yet been found that a bomb blast was responsible for the April West Fertilizer Company explosion that killed fifteen people in West, Texas. ](/news/2013/05/15/according-to-the-u-s-atf-no-evidence-has-yet-been-found-that-a-bomb-blast-was-responsible-for-the-april-west-fertilizer-company-explosion.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
2. [A paramedic in West, Texas, United States is arrested for possession of an explosive device, but authorities do not elaborate as to whether there is a connection to the deadly explosion last month at the town's fertilizer plant. ](/news/2013/05/10/a-paramedic-in-west-texas-united-states-is-arrested-for-possession-of-an-explosive-device-but-authorities-do-not-elaborate-as-to-whether.md) _Context: West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
3. [West Fertilizer Company explosion:. 15 people are confirmed dead after the Texas fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas, United States. ](/news/2013/04/18/west-fertilizer-company-explosion-15-people-are-confirmed-dead-after-the-texas-fertilizer-plant-explosion-in-west-texas-united-states.md) _Context: West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
4. [West Fertilizer Company explosion:. An explosion at a fertilizer plant in the city of West, Texas, United States, kills 15 and injures more than 100 people and damages many nearby buildings, including residences, a nursing home, and a middle school. ](/news/2013/04/17/west-fertilizer-company-explosion-an-explosion-at-a-fertilizer-plant-in-the-city-of-west-texas-united-states-kills-15-and-injures-more.md) _Context: West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
5. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
6. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers- Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
7. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-are-investigating-a-series-of-fires-at-black-chu.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
8. [Kenneth E. Melson is replaced as the acting head of the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as a result of a controversial gun trafficking operation called Operation Fast and Furious. ](/news/2011/08/30/kenneth-e-melson-is-replaced-as-the-acting-head-of-the-united-states-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-as-a-result-of-a-c.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
9. [CNN reports that the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives has lost track of 1,400 guns involved in Operation Fast and Furious aimed at tracing the flow of weapons to Mexican drug cartels. ](/news/2011/07/12/cnn-reports-that-the-u-s-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-has-lost-track-of-1-400-guns-involved-in-operation-fast-and-f.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
10. [ In Malawi, president Bingu wa Mutharika bans all exports of maize and fertilizers to alleviate the food crisis in the country ](/news/2005/07/25/in-malawi-president-bingu-wa-mutharika-bans-all-exports-of-maize-and-fertilizers-to-alleviate-the-food-crisis-in-the-country.md) _Context: fertilizer_
