### [2014-07-17](/news/2014/07/17/index.md)

# 2014 insurgency in Donbass:. Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 carrying 298 people from multiple countries is shot down near Hrabove in Donetsk Oblast, on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur. 

A Malaysian airliner was shot down over eastern Ukraine by militants on Thursday, killing all 295 people aboard, a Ukrainian interior ministry official was quoted as saying by Interfax-Ukraine news agency.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28354856)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/17/us-ukraine-crash-airplane-idUSKBN0FM1TU20140717)
3. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/world/europe/2014/07/17/kiev-says-russia-shot-down-ukrainian-jet.html)

### Related:

1. [The Dutch Safety Board releases their final report into the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster that concludes that the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot-down by a Russian-made Buk missile system on 17 July 2014 killing 298 people. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-dutch-safety-board-releases-their-final-report-into-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-that-concludes-that-the-flight-from.md) _Context: Amsterdam, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
2. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. The bodies and ashes of twenty Malaysian victims who died when the flight was shot down over Ukraine in July have been returned to Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2014/08/22/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-the-bodies-and-ashes-of-twenty-malaysian-victims-who-died-when-the-flight-was-shot-down-over-ukraine-in-july-ha.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
3. [Donbass war:. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), guardian of the Geneva Convention, makes a confidential legal assessment that Ukraine is officially in a war, Western diplomats and officials say, opening the door to possible war crimes prosecutions, including over the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ](/news/2014/07/22/donbass-war-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-icrc-guardian-of-the-geneva-convention-makes-a-confidential-legal-assessment.md) _Context: Donbass war, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
4. [2014 insurgency in Donbass:. US President Barack Obama says the United States has "increasing confidence" that the missile that shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 came from Russian separatists in Ukraine - and that Russia bears responsibility for the crisis. ](/news/2014/07/18/2014-insurgency-in-donbass-us-president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-has-increasing-confidence-that-the-missile-that-shot-down-ma.md) _Context: Donbass war, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
5. [Aftermath of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-d.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
6. [A Ukrainian military Mi-2 transport helicopter crashes after hitting a power line near Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast, killing all five people aboard. ](/news/2017/03/26/a-ukrainian-military-mi-2-transport-helicopter-crashes-after-hitting-a-power-line-near-kramatorsk-donetsk-oblast-killing-all-five-people-a.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast_
7. [War in Donbass. Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/war-in-donbass-donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast_
8. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur_
9. [Bersih 5 rally. Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur_
10. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
