### [2009-01-27](/news/2009/01/27/index.md)

#  Florida hedge fund manager Arthur Nadel is arrested by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation and charged with fraud. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601127&sid=aw53BS00RX9E)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation locates Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford in Virginia and serves him with a fraud complaint on behalf of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2009/02/19/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-locates-stanford-financial-group-chairman-allen-stanford-in-virginia-and-serves-him-with.md) _Context: FBI, United States, fraud_
2. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
3. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
4. [New Frontiers program The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/new-frontiers-program-pthe-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
6. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
7. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by  white supremacists in Virginia who were  planning  a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
8. [More than 200 black bears are killed in a single day in the U.S. state of Florida after state officials allow the hunting of the animals for the first time in 21 years; supporters say the aim is to cut down on the animals' surging population, but animal rights activists have criticized the hunts as cruel and ineffective. ](/news/2015/10/25/more-than-200-black-bears-are-killed-in-a-single-day-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-after-state-officials-allow-the-hunting-of-the-animals-for.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
9. [A United States district court judge orders documents turned over to hedge fund NML Capital with regard to the flow of funds in a February 9 issuance of Argentina dollar denominated sovereign bonds. ](/news/2015/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-judge-orders-documents-turned-over-to-hedge-fund-nml-capital-with-regard-to-the-flow-of-funds-in-a-february-9.md) _Context: Hedge fund, United States_
10. [In Florida, United States, Eric Rivera Jr. is convicted of second-degree murder in the 2007 killing of NFL Washington Redskins player Sean Taylor during a burglary. ](/news/2013/11/4/in-florida-united-states-eric-rivera-jr-is-convicted-of-second-degree-murder-in-the-2007-killing-of-nfl-washington-redskins-player-sean-t.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
