### [2009-01-27](/news/2009/01/27/index.md)

#  Iran will have enough enriched uranium to make a single nuclear weapon later this year, the International Institute for Strategic Studies predicts. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Uranium-For-Iranian-Nuke-Within-2009-Expert-Says-Country-Will-Have-Enough-Capacity-For-Warhead/Article/200901415211260?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15211260_Uranium_For_Iranian_Nuke_Within_2009_Expert_Says%2C_Country_Will_Have_Enough_Capacity_For_Warhead)

### Related:

1. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear weapon, uranium_
2. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Iran, uranium_
3. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
4. [Iran nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi says nine tons of Iran's enriched uranium will be exported to Russia in the next few days, as the country moves to implement the nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions. ](/news/2015/12/19/iran-nuclear-chief-ali-akbar-salehi-says-nine-tons-of-iran-s-enriched-uranium-will-be-exported-to-russia-in-the-next-few-days-as-the-countr.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
5. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear weapon_
6. [Iran announces that a new uranium ore mine and an enrichment plant will be added to the country's nuclear policy, defying the U.N. resolutions. ](/news/2013/04/9/iran-announces-that-a-new-uranium-ore-mine-and-an-enrichment-plant-will-be-added-to-the-country-s-nuclear-policy-defying-the-u-n-resolutio.md) _Context: Iran, uranium_
7. [Iran's negotiator Saeed Jalili defends the nation's controversial nuclear program that involves uranium enrichment, in a new round of talks with P5+1 countries in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/04/5/iran-s-negotiator-saeed-jalili-defends-the-nation-s-controversial-nuclear-program-that-involves-uranium-enrichment-in-a-new-round-of-talks.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
8. [Iran announces that it has discovered new uranium deposits and that it is planning to build 16 new nuclear power plants. ](/news/2013/02/23/iran-announces-that-it-has-discovered-new-uranium-deposits-and-that-it-is-planning-to-build-16-new-nuclear-power-plants.md) _Context: Iran, uranium_
9. [China warns Iran against developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2012/01/20/china-warns-iran-against-developing-nuclear-weapons.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear weapon_
10. [Ali Akbar Salehi, head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran, says that Iran will build a third uranium enrichment plant next year. ](/news/2010/08/16/ali-akbar-salehi-head-of-the-atomic-energy-organization-of-iran-says-that-iran-will-build-a-third-uranium-enrichment-plant-next-year.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
