### [2009-01-27](/news/2009/01/27/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom Information Tribunal orders Her Majesty's Government to release the minutes of Cabinet discussions regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5j4W2j3jGgSGOYHCQLOxTqYYhZtuwD95VJ6LG2)

### Related:

1. [ 2003 invasion of Iraq and its aftermath:. Iraq insurgency: British forces are reported to have killed senior Al-Qaeda operative Omar al-Faruq during a gunfight in Basra, Iraq. ](/news/2006/09/25/2003-invasion-of-iraq-and-its-aftermath-iraq-insurgency-british-forces-are-reported-to-have-killed-senior-al-qaeda-operative-omar-al-far.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Britain, Iraq_
2. [ The British government declines a request from the families of soldiers killed in Iraq for an investigation into the legality of the war. ](/news/2005/05/22/the-british-government-declines-a-request-from-the-families-of-soldiers-killed-in-iraq-for-an-investigation-into-the-legality-of-the-war.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Britain, Iraq_
3. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Britain, Iraq_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
5. [The United Kingdom raises its terror threat level from "substantial" to "severe" in response to conflicts in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/08/29/the-united-kingdom-raises-its-terror-threat-level-from-substantial-to-severe-in-response-to-conflicts-in-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
6. [Post-Iraq War:. The International Criminal Court will conduct a preliminary examination in the claims that United Kingdom forces abused Iraqi detainees between 2003 and 2008. ](/news/2014/05/13/post-iraq-war-the-international-criminal-court-will-conduct-a-preliminary-examination-in-the-claims-that-united-kingdom-forces-abused-iraq.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
7. [British businessman James McCormick, who sold ADE 651 fake bomb detector to Iraq and other countries, is jailed for ten years at the Old Bailey. ](/news/2013/05/2/british-businessman-james-mccormick-who-sold-ade-651-fake-bomb-detector-to-iraq-and-other-countries-is-jailed-for-ten-years-at-the-old-bai.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
8. [British businessman James McCormick is convicted at the Old Bailey on three counts of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors based on a device for finding golf balls to countries including Iraq and Georgia. ](/news/2013/04/23/british-businessman-james-mccormick-is-convicted-at-the-old-bailey-on-three-counts-of-fraud-after-selling-fake-bomb-detectors-based-on-a-dev.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
9. [The UK Ministry of Defence confirms it has spent $22.7 million settling claims from 205 Iraqis alleging abuse by British troops following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2012/12/21/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-confirms-it-has-spent-22-7-million-settling-claims-from-205-iraqis-alleging-abuse-by-british-troops-following-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
10. [Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom attends a Cabinet meeting for the first time to receive a gift in honour of her Diamond Jubilee, including having an area of the British Antarctic Territory named for her. It is believed to be the first time that a British monarch has attended a Cabinet meeting in peace-time since Queen Victoria's reign. ](/news/2012/12/18/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-attends-a-cabinet-meeting-for-the-first-time-to-receive-a-gift-in-honour-of-her-diamond-jubilee-in.md) _Context: Britain, British Cabinet_
