### [2009-01-27](/news/2009/01/27/index.md)

#  United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Peter Mandelson unveils a GBP2.3-billion bailout for the British motor industry. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/7853149.stm)

### Related:

1. [ A protestor from Plane Stupid throws custard at United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Peter Mandelson during a low-carbon summit in London. ](/news/2009/03/6/a-protestor-from-plane-stupid-throws-custard-at-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-business-enterprise-and-regulatory-reform-peter-mand.md) _Context: Britain, Peter Mandelson, Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform_
2. [Activists from the Enough Project reveal through "The Guardian" newspaper that Omar al-Bashir's Sudan and Joseph Kabila's DR Congo together received 2.4 million pound sterling (around USD 4 million) in British military aid, in the last five years alone. ](/news/2012/09/25/activists-from-the-enough-project-reveal-through-the-guardian-newspaper-that-omar-al-bashir-s-sudan-and-joseph-kabila-s-dr-congo-together.md) _Context: Britain, GBP_
3. [ The Bank of England plans to create GBP75 billion for the United Kingdom's economy through quantitative easing. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-bank-of-england-plans-to-create-gbp75-billion-for-the-united-kingdom-s-economy-through-quantitative-easing.md) _Context: Britain, GBP_
4. [ British lawyer David Mills is sentenced to four-and-a-half years in jail for accepting a GBP400,000 bribe from Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. ](/news/2009/02/17/british-lawyer-david-mills-is-sentenced-to-four-and-a-half-years-in-jail-for-accepting-a-agbp400-000-bribe-from-italian-prime-minister-silv.md) _Context: Britain, GBP_
5. [ Nike agrees to buy United Kingdom sportswear firm Umbro for GBP285 million. ](/news/2007/10/23/nike-agrees-to-buy-united-kingdom-sportswear-firm-umbro-for-agbp285-million.md) _Context: Britain, GBP_
6. [ The BBC announces 1,800 job cuts as part of restructuring to fill a GBP2 billion (US$4 bn) shortfall caused by lower than expected funding by the British government. ](/news/2007/10/18/the-bbc-announces-1-800-job-cuts-as-part-of-restructuring-to-fill-a-gbp2-billion-us-4-bn-shortfall-caused-by-lower-than-expected-funding.md) _Context: Britain, GBP_
7. [ "Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one.: Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department.: Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport.: Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required.: Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-be.md) _Context: Britain, Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform_
8. [ British mobile phone operator Vodafone posts the largest annual loss in British corporate history &ndash; GBP21.8 billion &ndash; as it writes down the value of company purchases made mainly in Germany in the years up to 2000. ](/news/2006/05/30/british-mobile-phone-operator-vodafone-posts-the-largest-annual-loss-in-british-corporate-history-ndash-gbp21-8-billion-ndash-as-it-wri.md) _Context: Britain, GBP_
9. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
