### [2017-03-6](/news/2017/03/6/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/06/politics/trump-travel-ban-iraq/index.html)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/06/us/politics/travel-ban-muslim-trump.html?)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iraq, Presidency of Donald Trump, President Donald Trump's travel ban_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [Business career of Donald Trump: The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/business-career-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-ov.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump administration signals that it plans a crackdown on U.S states that legalize the use of cannabis. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-administration-signals-that-it-plans-a-crackdown-on-u-s-states-that-legalize-the-use-of-cannabis.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [Iraq-United States relations: The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/iraq-united-states-relations-the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Iraq, President Donald Trump's travel ban_
8. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iraq, President Donald Trump's travel ban_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-frau.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
