### [2009-11-6](/news/2009/11/6/index.md)

#  Tens of thousands of people protest against government cutbacks in eight Irish cities and ten locations across Northern Ireland. 

Tens of thousands of people took to the streets today as part of a campaign organised by the Irish Congress of Trade Unions (&hellip;


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1106/partnership.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2009/1106/breaking2.htm)

### Related:

1. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
2. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
3. [Air travel disruption after the 2010 Eyjafjallajkull eruption:: Flights in and out of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland are grounded for several hours. ](/news/2010/05/4/air-travel-disruption-after-the-2010-eyjafjallajokull-eruption-flights-in-and-out-of-northern-ireland-and-the-republic-of-ireland-are-grou.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
4. [ Saint Patrick's Day:: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
5. [ Shares of major Irish banks rise sharply following the announcement of a State guarantee of all deposits in Allied Irish Banks, Bank of Ireland, Anglo Irish Bank, Irish Life & Permanent, Irish Nationwide Building Society and EBS, worth an estimated -400 billion. The guarantee includes Bank of Ireland branches in Northern Ireland while the coverage of AIB's subsidiary, First Trust is still under discussion. Deposits in foreign-owned banks remain guaranteed to -100,000. ](/news/2008/09/30/shares-of-major-irish-banks-rise-sharply-following-the-announcement-of-a-state-guarantee-of-all-deposits-in-allied-irish-banks-bank-of-ire.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
6. [ An indoor smoking ban comes into effect in Northern Ireland, three years after the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2007/04/30/an-indoor-smoking-ban-comes-into-effect-in-northern-ireland-three-years-after-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
7. [ The Republic of Ireland, one of the last countries to use non-metric speed limits, officially changes all road signage and regulations to use kilometres per hour (km/h). Speed limits in Northern Ireland remain in miles per hour (mph). ](/news/2005/01/20/the-republic-of-ireland-one-of-the-last-countries-to-use-non-metric-speed-limits-officially-changes-all-road-signage-and-regulations-to-u.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
8. [Crimes in Ireland: A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/crimes-in-ireland-a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mo.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [Fine Gael leadership election, 2017: Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/fine-gael-leadership-election-2017-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamenta.md) _Context: Ireland_
