### [2010-04-13](/news/2010/04/13/index.md)

# The First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama, makes an unannounced visit to Haiti. It is her first official trip overseas without US President Barack Obama since he took office last year. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/8618445.stm)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.md) _Context: Michelle Obama, Obama_
2. [National September 11 Memorial & Museum:First Family Barack and Michelle Obama and numerous political figures visit and dedicate the memorial with the victims on Ground Zero. ](/news/2014/05/15/national-september-11-memorial-museum-pfirst-family-barack-and-michelle-obama-and-numerous-political-figures-visit-and-dedicate-the-memori.md) _Context: Michelle Obama, Obama_
3. [The US Secret Service launches an investigation after hackers post what they claim is personal data and credit information of celebrities, including First Lady Michelle Obama, online. ](/news/2013/03/12/the-us-secret-service-launches-an-investigation-after-hackers-post-what-they-claim-is-personal-data-and-credit-information-of-celebrities-i.md) _Context: First Lady, Michelle Obama_
4. [An Idaho man, Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez, is charged with the attempted assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama, after two bullets are found embedded in the exterior of the White House. The President and First Lady were not present at the time of the alleged attack. ](/news/2011/11/17/an-idaho-man-oscar-ramiro-ortega-hernandez-is-charged-with-the-attempted-assassination-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-after-two-bullets-a.md) _Context: Michelle Obama, Obama_
5. [First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama begins a six-day visit to southern Africa with her daughters; they are granted an audience with Nelson Mandela. ](/news/2011/06/21/first-lady-of-the-united-states-michelle-obama-begins-a-six-day-visit-to-southern-africa-with-her-daughters-they-are-granted-an-audience-wi.md) _Context: First Lady, Michelle Obama_
6. [ Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi tells a rally in Milan about his encounters with President of the United States Barack Obama, saying: "What's his name? Some tanned guy... Ah, Barack Obama!", also commenting on his wife Michelle: "You won't believe it, but two of them went to the beach because the wife is also tanned". ](/news/2009/09/27/italian-premier-silvio-berlusconi-tells-a-rally-in-milan-about-his-encounters-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-saying-wh.md) _Context: Michelle Obama, Obama_
7. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. president Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Obama_
9. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Obama_
10. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama_
