### [2006-11-28](/news/2006/11/28/index.md)

#  Central African Republic Bush War: Government troops in the Central African Republic, backed by French forces, have launched an offensive to retake the northeast town of Birao from rebels, and have recaptured its airport, a French military spokesman said. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6191754.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2006-11-28T133023Z_01_L28169067_RTRUKOC_0_US-CENTRALAFRICA-REBELS-FRANCE.xml&WTmodLoc=IntNewsHome_C2_worldNews-8)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: 2004–2007 Bush War, Central-African_
2. [Two French Triangle workers who were kidnapped in Birao, Central African Republic last November are released in Darfur. ](/news/2010/03/14/two-french-triangle-workers-who-were-kidnapped-in-birao-central-african-republic-last-november-are-released-in-darfur.md) _Context: Birao, Central-African_
3. [ Central African Republic Bush War: French fighter planes have fired at rebels in northern Central African Republic (CAR) where thousands have fled fighting in recent weeks. ](/news/2006/11/30/central-african-republic-bush-war-french-fighter-planes-have-fired-at-rebels-in-northern-central-african-republic-car-where-thousands-ha.md) _Context: 2004–2007 Bush War, Central-African_
4. [ War in Chad (2005-present) and Central African Republic Bush War: Chad has offered to send troops to the Central African Republic to help fight rebels it claims are backed by Sudan. ](/news/2006/11/18/war-in-chad-2005apresent-and-central-african-republic-bush-war-p-chad-has-offered-to-send-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-hel.md) _Context: 2004–2007 Bush War, Central-African_
5. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
6. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
7. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central-African_
8. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central-African_
9. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the  December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence,  39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the  legislature cannot participate.  ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the-new-constitution-in-the-december-13-referendum.md) _Context: Central-African_
