### [2013-04-14](/news/2013/04/14/index.md)

# In weightlifting, Russia wins the medal table of the 2013 European Weightlifting Championships that ended in Tirana, Albania. 




### Source:

1. [EWF](http://www.ewfed.com/news_det.php?id=33)

### Related:

1. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Olympic weightlifters, Russia_
2. [Three people are shot dead and dozens are injured by riot police clashing with at least 20,000 protesters gathered outside the prime minister's office in Tirana, Albania. Deputy prime minister Ilir Meta has resigned after becoming embroiled in a fraud scandal and protesters have called for the rest of the government to resign. ](/news/2011/01/21/three-people-are-shot-dead-and-dozens-are-injured-by-riot-police-clashing-with-at-least-20-000-protesters-gathered-outside-the-prime-ministe.md) _Context: Albania, Tirana_
3. [ A weapons depot near Tirana, Albania is hit by multiple explosions, killing at least 11 people and injuring around 300. ](/news/2008/03/15/a-weapons-depot-near-tirana-albania-is-hit-by-multiple-explosions-killing-at-least-11-people-and-injuring-around-300.md) _Context: Albania, Tirana_
4. [ Turkish Airlines Flight 1476, a Turkish Airlines plane carrying 113 people from Tirana, Albania to Istanbul, Turkey, was hijacked, but lands at Italy's Brindisi Airport. The hijackers surrendered and were arrested by Italian police. ](/news/2006/10/3/turkish-airlines-flight-1476-a-turkish-airlines-plane-carrying-113-people-from-tirana-albania-to-istanbul-turkey-was-hijacked-but-land.md) _Context: Albania, Tirana_
5. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Authorities detain hundreds of people, including Alexei Navalny, at anti-corruption protests across Russia. ](/news/2017/03/26/authorities-detain-hundreds-of-people-including-alexei-navalny-at-anti-corruption-protests-across-russia.md) _Context: Russia_
