### [2017-03-21](/news/2017/03/21/index.md)

# Bruno Le Roux resigns as France's Minister of the Interior amid a jobs scandal involving two of his daughters. Using public funds, Bruno had hired his 15 and 16-year-old daughters as parliamentary assistants while he was serving as a deputy in the French National Assembly. 

Bruno Le Roux gave parliamentary work to his daughters when they were teenagers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39346617)

### Related:

1. [ The French National Assembly announces the beginning of an inquiry into whether women in France should be allowed to wear the burqa. ](/news/2009/06/23/the-french-national-assembly-announces-the-beginning-of-an-inquiry-into-whether-women-in-france-should-be-allowed-to-wear-the-burqa.md) _Context: France, French National Assembly_
2. [ French voters go to the polls to elect a new French National Assembly. The centre-right Union for a Popular Movement  (UPM) wins a comfortable majority; however, the left did make some gains, with senior minister Alain Juppe losing his seat in Bordeaux. ](/news/2007/06/17/french-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-french-national-assembly-the-centre-right-union-for-a-popular-movement-upm-wins-a-comforta.md) _Context: France, French National Assembly_
3. [ 2005 Paris riots continue for the fifth consecutive night, sparked by the death of two Muslim youths from electric shock. The controversy caused by police firing tear gas into a mosque on Sunday night led to families of the dead youths pulling out of a meeting with the French Minister of the Interior Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2005/11/1/2005-paris-riots-continue-for-the-fifth-consecutive-night-sparked-by-the-death-of-two-muslim-youths-from-electric-shock-the-controversy-c.md) _Context: France, minister of the interior_
4. [ Further rioting occurs overnight in the Parisian suburb of Clichy-sous-Bois following the electrocutions of two teenagers, aged 15 and 17, and a third teenager suffering severe burns when they entered a substation whilst fleeing police. Rioters attacked police and journalists. Critics allege that the teenagers were targeted because they were Muslim, though this claim has been denied by French Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2005/10/30/further-rioting-occurs-overnight-in-the-parisian-suburb-of-clichy-sous-bois-following-the-electrocutions-of-two-teenagers-aged-15-and-17.md) _Context: France, minister of the interior_
5. [ In France, the Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin resigns following the country's rejection of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. In an expected move, President Jacques Chirac appoints Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin to succeed him. ](/news/2005/05/31/in-france-the-prime-minister-jean-pierre-raffarin-resigns-following-the-country-s-rejection-of-the-treaty-establishing-a-constitution-for.md) _Context: France, minister of the interior_
6. [A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer.  Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-france-is-shot-and-wounde.md) _Context: France_
7. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: France_
8. [Voters in France return to the polls for the second round of a legislative election, with 573 of 577 seats in the National Assembly yet to be decided after the first round. ](/news/2017/06/18/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-legislative-election-with-573-of-577-seats-in-the-national-assembly-yet-to-b.md) _Context: France_
9. [Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-legislative-election-to-begin-choosi.md) _Context: France_
10. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: France_
