
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.json)  [XML](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.xml)  

### [2017-03-21](/news/2017/03/21/index.md)

##### Rules
# In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. 




### Sources:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-executive-idUSKBN16S25E)
1. [Cover Image](/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170321&t=2&i=1177428990&w=400&r=LYNXMPED2K1DI)

### Changes:

1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (First version)_
1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer tells a Senate panel that President Donald Trump has decided to "pause" tariffs on steel and aluminium imports from the European Union, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, and South Korea. ](/news/2018/03/22/u-s-trade-representative-robert-lighthizer-tells-a-senate-panel-that-president-donald-trump-has-decided-to-pause-tariffs-on-steel-and-alu.md) _Context: Donald Trump, US Senators_
2. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which sends it to United States President Donald Trump for signing. This comes after a previous and different version of this legislation was passed by the House yesterday. The law removes the individual insurance mandate from Obamacare. ](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-pass-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-which-sends-it-to-united-states-president-dona.md) _Context: Donald Trump, US Senators_
3. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: Donald Trump, US Senators_
4. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Supreme Court of the United States_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
