### [2017-03-21](/news/2017/03/21/index.md)

# Tasnim News Agency reports that, in a Nowruz speech, Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei said experts in his country can enrich uranium to 99 percent. ISNA reports that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is threatening to quit the Iran nuclear deal if the United States blocks Iran's version of the deal's implementation. 




### Source:

1. [Kleine Zeitung](http://www.kleinezeitung.at/service/newsticker/5187457/Iran-droht-den-USA-mit-Ausstieg-aus-dem-Atomabkommen)

### Related:

1. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei approves the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, and orders it to be implemented subject to certain conditions. The letter states the United States and European Union should clearly announce the elimination of sanctions against Iran. The imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext from any of the negotiating countries would violate the JCPOA. ](/news/2015/10/21/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-approves-the-nuclear-deal-between-tehran-and-world-powers-and-orders-it-to-be-implemented-subj.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, American, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Supreme Leader of Iran_
2. [The Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei accuses the United States of "holding a gun" to Tehran's head to pressure it to hold direct talks and states that it's very unlikely that these talks may take place. ](/news/2013/02/7/the-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-accuses-the-united-states-of-holding-a-gun-to-tehran-s-head-to-pressure-it-to-hold-direct-talks-an.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, American, Supreme Leader of Iran_
3. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: American, Mohammad Javad Zarif_
4. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: American, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
5. [Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-begi.md) _Context: American, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
6. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: American, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
7. [Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei calls the recent Paris attacks "blind terrorism," according to IRNA, the country's official news agency. The Iranian government condemned the attacks immediately after they occurred. ](/news/2015/11/29/iran-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-calls-the-recent-paris-attacks-ablind-terrorism-a-according-to-irna-the-country-s-official-n.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
8. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns Saudi Arabia of "harsh" measures if the Kingdom fails to promptly repatriate the bodies of more than 200 Iranian pilgrims killed in last week's Hajj stampede. ](/news/2015/09/30/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-warns-saudi-arabia-of-harsh-measures-if-the-kingdom-fails-to-promptly-repatriate-the-bodies-o.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
9. [Iran-United States relations:Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif meets with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry during P5+1 and Iran talks, the highest-level direct contact between the United States and Iran in six years. ](/news/2013/09/27/iran-united-states-relations-piranian-foreign-minister-mohammad-javad-zarif-meets-with-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-during-p5-1-and-ir.md) _Context: American, Mohammad Javad Zarif_
10. [Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei calls nuclear weapons and their use "an unforgivable sin" and defends Iran's right to use nuclear energy for medical and peaceful purposes. ](/news/2012/08/30/supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-calls-nuclear-weapons-and-their-use-an-unforgivable-sin-and-defends-iran-s-right-to-use-nuclear-energy.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
