### [2012-12-19](/news/2012/12/19/index.md)

# 2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. 

Chad troops enter the Central African Republic (CAR) to help fight rebels who have seized several towns and threaten to overthrow the government.


### Source:

1. [ (BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20777922)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bria, Central African Republic, Chad, Seleka_
2. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:: Six peacekeepers from Chad are killed in clashes in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/26/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-six-peacekeepers-from-chad-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-central-africa.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-after-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pr.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
5. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-all-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-re.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
6. [2012-2013 Central African Republic rebellion:: South Africa announces it will send 400 more soldiers to the Central African Republic in an effort to assist the current regime, which faces a potential attack by the Seleka rebel coalition on the capital. ](/news/2013/01/6/2012-2013-central-african-republic-rebellion-south-africa-announces-it-will-send-400-more-soldiers-to-the-central-african-republic-in-an.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
7. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-rebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-frana.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central African Republic_
8. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-central-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central African Republic_
9. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Rebels in the Central African Republic have made fresh gains and are now in control of a key central city. ](/news/2012/12/29/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-have-made-fresh-gains-and-are-now-in-control-of-a-key-centr.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central African Republic_
10. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: The government of the Central African Republic and a rebel coalition agree to hold talks after weeks of unrest. ](/news/2012/12/28/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-the-government-of-the-central-african-republic-and-a-rebel-coalition-agree-to-hold-talks-after-wee.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central African Republic_
