### [2012-12-19](/news/2012/12/19/index.md)

# FC Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova will have surgery, followed by chemotherapy and radiotherapy over the next six weeks, after the relapse of a cancer in the salivary gland. Assistant manager Jordi Roura will lead FC Barcelona in the head manager's stead. 

FC Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova will have surgery, followed by chemotherapy and radiotherapy over the next six weeks, after the relapse of a cancer in the salivary gland.


### Source:

1. [UEFA](http://www.uefa.com/uefachampionsleague/news/newsid=1908224.html)
2. [FC Barcelona](http://www.fcbarcelona.com/football/first-team/detail/article/roura-to-lead-barca-in-tito-vilanova-s-absence)

### Related:

1. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer, surgery_
2. [Research from the ''Science Translational Medicine'' suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: cancer, chemotherapy_
3. [In association football, Barcelona manager Josep Guardiola announces that he will resign at the end of the season. His assistant, Tito Vilanova, is appointed as his successor. ](/news/2012/04/27/in-association-football-barcelona-manager-josep-guardiola-announces-that-he-will-resign-at-the-end-of-the-season-his-assistant-tito-vilan.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Tito Vilanova_
4. [American International Group CEO Robert Benmosche has cancer, the company said, and he is receiving "aggressive chemotherapy," but his prognosis is not clear. ](/news/2010/10/25/american-international-group-ceo-robert-benmosche-has-cancer-the-company-said-and-he-is-receiving-aggressive-chemotherapy-but-his-progn.md) _Context: cancer, chemotherapy_
5. [In football, FC Barcelona wins La Liga for the 24th time. It is FC Barcelona's second straight title and sixth in the last eight years. ](/news/2016/05/14/in-football-fc-barcelona-wins-la-liga-for-the-24th-time-it-is-fc-barcelona-s-second-straight-title-and-sixth-in-the-last-eight-years.md) _Context: FC Barcelona_
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-and-argentina-wins-the-2015-fifa-ballon-d-or-for-his-fifth-time-barassa-manager-luis.md) _Context: FC Barcelona_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patie.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
9. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
