### [2012-12-19](/news/2012/12/19/index.md)

# Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. 

Approval of more settler homes accelerate Palestinian plans to appeal to International Criminal Court, official says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/12/201212191395430251.html)

### Related:

1. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, West Bank_
2. [A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarem-a-day-af.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/a-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [Israel approves plans for two new buildings to be built in East Jerusalem, Palestine with the Palestinians currently living there to be evicted.](/news/2011/02/7/israel-approves-plans-for-two-new-buildings-to-be-built-in-east-jerusalem-palestine-with-the-palestinians-currently-living-there-to-be-evic.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israel unveils preliminary plans for 238 new homes for Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem with Palestinians protesting in response. ](/news/2010/10/15/israel-unveils-preliminary-plans-for-238-new-homes-for-jewish-settlers-in-east-jerusalem-with-palestinians-protesting-in-response.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Palestinians stone an Israeli car travelling through the West Bank resulting in a 12-year-old being injured. ](/news/2010/09/2/palestinians-stone-an-israeli-car-travelling-through-the-west-bank-resulting-in-a-12-year-old-being-injured.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [Israeli authorities use bulldozers to demolish three Palestinian buildings in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/07/13/israeli-authorities-use-bulldozers-to-demolish-three-palestinian-buildings-in-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat calls for the demolition of 22 Palestinian homes in the Silwan neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Barkat wants to build a tourist centre, while Palestinians say it is "forced displacement". Members of Israel's Meretz say they will resign their city council seats in protest. ](/news/2010/06/21/mayor-of-jerusalem-nir-barkat-calls-for-the-demolition-of-22-palestinian-homes-in-the-silwan-neighbourhood-of-east-jerusalem-barkat-wants-t.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
