### [2012-12-19](/news/2012/12/19/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. 

Approval of more settler homes accelerate Palestinian plans to appeal to International Criminal Court, official says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/12/201212191395430251.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat calls for the demolition of 22 Palestinian homes in the Silwan neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Barkat wants to build a tourist centre, while Palestinians say it is "forced displacement". Members of Israel's Meretz say they will resign their city council seats in protest. ](/news/2010/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-mayor-of-jerusalem-nir-barkat-calls-for-the-demolition-of-22-palestinian-homes-in-the-silwan-neighbourhood.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-be.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Indonesian President Joko -Jokowi- Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-indonesian-president-joko-jokowi-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-coopera.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, West Bank_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
