### [2012-12-19](/news/2012/12/19/index.md)

# South Korean presidential election, 2012:: Voters in South Korea go to the polls with exit polls showing a very close race expected between Park Geun-hye of the conservative Saenuri Party and Moon Jae-in of the left-of-centre Democratic United Party. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20780282)
2. [Reuters via the ''Malaysian Insider](http://www.themalaysianinsider.com/world/article/south-korea-votes-in-tight-race-on-economy-and-jobs/)
3. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2012/12/18/44/0301000000AEN20121218008800315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [South Korean presidential election, 2017: South Koreans vote in a presidential election, with Moon Jae-in of the Democratic Party of Korea winning the election. ](/news/2017/05/9/south-korean-presidential-election-2017-south-koreans-vote-in-a-presidential-election-with-moon-jae-in-of-the-democratic-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Moon Jae-in, South Korea_
2. [2016 South Korean political scandal: Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
3. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye: South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
4. [2016 South Korean political scandal: A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
5. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-gr.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
6. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye: South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234-56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-k.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
7. [Impeachment process against President Park Geun-hye: The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/impeachment-process-against-president-park-geun-hye-the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
8. [South Korean presidential election, 2017: United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon and liberal candidate Moon Jae-in plan to contest the position vacated by Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2016/12/22/south-korean-presidential-election-2017-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-liberal-candidate-moon-jae-in-plan-to-contest-the.md) _Context: Moon Jae-in, Park Geun-hye_
9. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-presid.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
10. [2016 South Korean protests: Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/2016-south-korean-protests-tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea_
