### [2013-12-17](/news/2013/12/17/index.md)

# Two British women, called the Peru Two, are sentenced to six and a half years imprisonment in Lima, Peru, for drug smuggling.

Michaella McCollum Connolly and Melissa Reid are sentenced to prison after admitting smuggling 11kg of cocaine.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1183734/peru-two-jailed-for-six-years-and-eight-months)

### Related:

1. [Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.md) _Context: Lima_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britons_
3. [All four members of the British indie band Viola Beach and their manager die in a road accident near Stockholm, Sweden. ](/news/2016/02/14/all-four-members-of-the-british-indie-band-viola-beach-and-their-manager-die-in-a-road-accident-near-stockholm-sweden.md) _Context: Britons_
4. [New research by a team of British archaeologists, published in the current issue of the journal ''Antiquity'', revives an older theory of Herbert Henry Thomas that Stonehenge may have stood in Wales hundreds of years before it was dismantled and transported to Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire in South West England. ](/news/2015/12/8/new-research-by-a-team-of-british-archaeologists-published-in-the-current-issue-of-the-journal-antiquity-revives-an-older-theory-of-he.md) _Context: Britons_
5. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates  if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: Britons_
6. [Archaeologists discover four prehistoric Ichma culture tombs in the centre of the Peruvian capital Lima. ](/news/2015/11/27/archaeologists-discover-four-prehistoric-ichma-culture-tombs-in-the-centre-of-the-peruvian-capital-lima.md) _Context: Lima_
7. [British singer Adele's album ''25'' is released. ](/news/2015/11/21/british-singer-adele-s-album-25-is-released.md) _Context: Britons_
8. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant The United States conducts airstrikes targeting Kuwaiti-British militant Jihadi John. Later, the U.S. says it is "reasonably certain" a drone strike in Syria killed Jihadi John, ne Mohammed Emwazi.  ](/news/2015/11/13/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-pthe-united-states-conducts-airstrikes-targeting-kuwaiti-british-militant-jihadi-john-later-the-u-s.md) _Context: Britons_
9. [Two British VICE News journalists, Jake Hanrahan and Philip Pendlebury, arrested on 28 August in Diyarbakir Province in southeastern Turkey on terror charges, are released while their colleague, translator Mohammed Ismael Rasool, remains in custody. ](/news/2015/09/4/two-british-vice-news-journalists-jake-hanrahan-and-philip-pendlebury-arrested-on-28-august-in-diyarbakir-province-in-southeastern-turkey.md) _Context: Britons_
10. [Turkish police detain two British journalists from ''Vice News'' covering unrest in southeastern Turkey. ](/news/2015/08/28/turkish-police-detain-two-british-journalists-from-vice-news-covering-unrest-in-southeastern-turkey.md) _Context: Britons_
