### [2013-12-17](/news/2013/12/17/index.md)

# U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry intends to give the Philippines $40 million in order to boost its maritime security regarding territorial disputes with China. 

Americans officials want to rotate more military forces through the country, concerned about mounting pressure from China on its neighbors.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/18/world/asia/us-forging-closer-military-ties-with-philippines.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Former Philippine president Fidel Ramos quits as the Philippines' special envoy to China amid a falling out with his mentee current Filipino president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/11/1/former-philippine-president-fidel-ramos-quits-as-the-philippines-special-envoy-to-china-amid-a-falling-out-with-his-mentee-current-filipino.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
2. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
3. [The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people  before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-over-luzon-haima-downgraded-by.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
4. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
5. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
6. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
7. [A Japanese Navy submarine makes a port call in the Philippines, the first in fifteen years, in a show of growing military cooperation amid tension triggered by China's growing assertiveness in the South China Sea. It was escorted into the former U.S. Naval Base at Subic Bay by two Japanese destroyers on a tour of Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/04/3/a-japanese-navy-submarine-makes-a-port-call-in-the-philippines-the-first-in-fifteen-years-in-a-show-of-growing-military-cooperation-amid-t.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
8. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
9. [Filipino fishermen say China has deployed up to five ships around the disputed Quirino Atoll, also known as Jackson Atoll, in the South China Sea, preventing them from accessing traditional fishing grounds. ](/news/2016/03/1/filipino-fishermen-say-china-has-deployed-up-to-five-ships-around-the-disputed-quirino-atoll-also-known-as-jackson-atoll-in-the-south-chin.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
10. [The Philippines says it will join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank despite disputes between it and the bank's founder, China. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-philippines-says-it-will-join-the-asian-infrastructure-investment-bank-despite-disputes-between-it-and-the-bank-s-founder-china.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
