### [2003-12-23](/news/2003/12/23/index.md)

#  Beltway sniper attacks: A Virginia jury recommends a life sentence without possibility of parole for Lee Boyd Malvo, who was earlier convicted of capital murder, among other charges, in connection with the shootings. Malvo had faced the possibility of execution.[http://www.cnn.com/2003/LAW/12/23/sprj.dcsp.malvo.trial/index.html]




### Related:

1. [Russell Williams escalated to sexual assaults and culminated in the brutal sex killings of Cpl. Marie-France Comeau, 37, and Jessica Lloyd, 27. Canadian Air Force Colonel Russell Williams is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences for two murders, several sexual assaults and dozens of fetish burglaries. ](/news/2010/10/21/russell-williams-escalated-to-sexual-assaults-and-culminated-in-the-brutal-sex-killings-of-cpl-marie-france-comeau-37-and-jessica-lloyd.md) _Context: life sentence, murder_
2. [ John Allen Muhammad, mastermind of the 2002 Beltway sniper attacks, is executed in Virginia. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,573829,00.html (AP via Fox News (US))]](/news/2009/11/10/john-allen-muhammad-mastermind-of-the-2002-beltway-sniper-attacks-is-executed-in-virginia-http-www-foxnews-com-story-0-2933-573829-00.md) _Context: Beltway sniper attacks, Virginia_
3. [ In Mauritania, four army officers who plotted coups against President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya each receive a life sentence instead of the expected death penalty after a four-month trial. The sentenced include former army major Saleh Ould Hanenna. ](/news/2005/02/4/in-mauritania-four-army-officers-who-plotted-coups-against-president-maaouya-ould-sid-ahmed-taya-each-receive-a-life-sentence-instead-of-t.md) _Context: death penalty, life sentence_
4. [ In Laramie, Wyoming, Russell Henderson pleads guilty to kidnapping and felony murder in order to avoid a possible death penalty conviction for the apparent hate crime killing of Matthew Shepard](/news/1999/04/5/in-laramie-wyoming-russell-henderson-pleads-guilty-to-kidnapping-and-felony-murder-in-order-to-avoid-a-possible-death-penalty-conviction.md) _Context: death penalty, murder_
5. [Media of the Philippines: Two more Filipino journalists are murdered in a span of two days adding to toll of more than a hundred journalists killed since 2000. ](/news/2017/08/7/media-of-the-philippines-two-more-filipino-journalists-are-murdered-in-a-span-of-two-days-adding-to-toll-of-more-than-a-hundred-journalists.md) _Context: murder_
6. [O. J. Simpson robbery case: O. J. Simpson is granted parole by the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners after spending nearly nine years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/20/o-j-simpson-robbery-case-o-j-simpson-is-granted-parole-by-the-nevada-board-of-parole-commissioners-after-spending-nearly-nine-years-in.md) _Context: parole_
7. [NASA's Commercial Resupply Services: Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-commercial-resupply-services-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-c.md) _Context: Virginia_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: The "Richmond Times-Dispatch" of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson.md) _Context: Virginia_
9. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage: The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Virginia_
