### [2003-12-23](/news/2003/12/23/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Canada announces (in a 6-3 decision) that the criminalization of marijuana was not unconstitutional. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/23/pot031223]




### Related:

1. [Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marijuana-in-public-place.md) _Context: marijuana_
2. [Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring-of-2017.md) _Context: marijuana_
3. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: marijuana_
4. [The Mexican Supreme Court, in a 4-1 decision, rules that people have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. The decision challenges the country's current substance abuse laws. ''Fox News Latino'' and ''The New York Times'' point out the ruling only covers the plaintiffs in one case,  a group that wants to form a "Pot Club." A precedent will be established if the court approves five similar petitions. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-mexican-supreme-court-in-a-4-1-decision-rules-that-people-have-the-right-to-grow-and-distribute-marijuana-for-their-personal-use-the.md) _Context: marijuana_
5. [The Supreme Court of Canada strikes down a ban on assisted suicide meaning doctors can now assist mentally competent patients with severe and incurable conditions to die. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-supreme-court-of-canada-strikes-down-a-ban-on-assisted-suicide-meaning-doctors-can-now-assist-mentally-competent-patients-with-severe-an.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
6. [In ''R. v. Fearon'', the Supreme Court of Canada rules by 4-3 vote that searching for cell phones without a warrant during an arrest does not violate the Section Eight of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. ](/news/2014/12/11/in-r-v-fearon-the-supreme-court-of-canada-rules-by-4a3-vote-that-searching-for-cell-phones-without-a-warrant-during-an-arrest-does.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
7. [Recreational marijuana stores open in Colorado. ](/news/2014/01/1/recreational-marijuana-stores-open-in-colorado.md) _Context: marijuana_
8. [The Supreme Court of Canada strikes down anti-prostitution laws in the country. ](/news/2013/12/20/the-supreme-court-of-canada-strikes-down-anti-prostitution-laws-in-the-country.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
9. [With governor Peter Shumlin signing the law, Vermont becomes the 17th state to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of cannabis. ](/news/2013/06/8/with-governor-peter-shumlin-signing-the-law-vermont-becomes-the-17th-state-to-decriminalize-the-possession-of-small-amounts-of-cannabis.md) _Context: marijuana_
10. [Osvaldo Rivera is the suspect jailed in Camden County, New Jersey for the stabbing to death of a 6-year-old boy and the attempted murder of the boy's 12-year-old sister. Authorities say he was high on PCP-laced marijuana. ](/news/2012/09/4/osvaldo-rivera-is-the-suspect-jailed-in-camden-county-new-jersey-for-the-stabbing-to-death-of-a-6-year-old-boy-and-the-attempted-murder-of.md) _Context: marijuana_
