### [2010-05-20](/news/2010/05/20/index.md)

# Malawi, considering them to be a gay couple, sentences a transgender woman and a cisgender man to 14 years of hard labour. 

Two gay men in Malawi, convicted earlier this week of unnatural acts and gross indecency, were sentenced Thursday to serve 14 years of hard labor in prison.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10130240.stm)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/21/world/africa/21malawi.html)

### Related:

1. [The same-sex couple, who recently came to international attention when they were convicted of homosexuality under a British colonial law, tell Malawi's "The Nation" that they have separated and that one of them now lives with a woman. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-same-sex-couple-who-recently-came-to-international-attention-when-they-were-convicted-of-homosexuality-under-a-british-colonial-law-te.md) _Context: Malawi, same-sex couples_
2. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma, in a rare disagreement with another African state, issues a statement of condemnation following Malawi's sentencing of a same-sex couple to 14 years in jail. ](/news/2010/05/28/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-in-a-rare-disagreement-with-another-african-state-issues-a-statement-of-condemnation-following-malawi.md) _Context: Malawi, same-sex couples_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: transgender_
4. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. ](/news/2017/08/25/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-president-donald-trump-issues-a-presidential-memorandum-that-stops-fun.md) _Context: transgender_
5. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: transgender_
6. [Sahaj International opens in Kochi in the South Indian state of Kerala. The country's first school for transgender pupils, it caters for adults who left school early. ](/news/2016/12/30/sahaj-international-opens-in-kochi-in-the-south-indian-state-of-kerala-the-country-s-first-school-for-transgender-pupils-it-caters-for-adu.md) _Context: transgender_
7. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: transgender_
8. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Italy: The Italian Parliament gives final approval to legislation recognizing civil unions of same-sex couples. ](/news/2016/05/11/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-italy-the-italian-parliament-gives-final-approval-to-legislation-recognizing-civil-unions-of-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: same-sex couples_
9. [Transgender rights in the United States: An American federal appeals court in Richmond, Virginia, rules a transgender high school student who was banned from the boys' bathroom can proceed with the lawsuit against the school board. ](/news/2016/04/19/transgender-rights-in-the-united-states-an-american-federal-appeals-court-in-richmond-virginia-rules-a-transgender-high-school-student-wh.md) _Context: transgender_
10. [The government of Malawi declares a state of emergency across the country over worsening food shortages caused by a severe drought that is affecting much of Southern Africa with about 2.8 million Malawians, or 20% of the population, facing food insecurity. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-government-of-malawi-declares-a-state-of-emergency-across-the-country-over-worsening-food-shortages-caused-by-a-severe-drought-that-is-a.md) _Context: Malawi_
