### [2010-05-20](/news/2010/05/20/index.md)

# Numerous countries condemn North Korea for the sinking of the South Korean vessel Cheonan; North Korea denies involvement, and threatens war if sanctions are imposed. 

North Korea faces international anger after it is accused of sinking a South Korean navy ship - but China appeals for calm.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/asia_pacific/10131683.stm)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, announces that the United States will impose further sanctions against North Korea as a result of the sinking of the South Korean warship ROKS ''Cheonan''. ](/news/2010/07/21/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-the-united-states-will-impose-further-sanctions-against-north-korea-as.md) _Context: North Korea, ROKS ''Cheonan''_
2. [North Korea asks the United Nations Security Council to investigate the sinking of the ''Cheonan''. Diplomats say South Korea wants the council to condemn North Korea. ](/news/2010/07/1/north-korea-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-investigate-the-sinking-of-the-cheonan-diplomats-say-south-korea-wants-the-coun.md) _Context: North Korea, ROKS ''Cheonan''_
3. [Increased tensions over the sinking of the South Korean warship ROKS Cheonan (PCC-772): South Korea begins broadcasting propaganda over its border with North Korea. North Korea severs all ties and communications with the South and expels Southern workers from a jointly-run factory above the border. ](/news/2010/05/25/increased-tensions-over-the-sinking-of-the-south-korean-warship-roks-cheonan-pcc-772-south-korea-begins-broadcasting-propaganda-over-its.md) _Context: North Korea, ROKS ''Cheonan''_
4. [Sinking of the ROKS ''Cheonan'':South Korea cuts off trade with North Korea and announces that North Korean ships will no longer be allowed to use South Korean waters. The government demands an apology over the sinking. ](/news/2010/05/24/sinking-of-the-roks-cheonan-psouth-korea-cuts-off-trade-with-north-korea-and-announces-that-north-korean-ships-will-no-longer-be-allowed.md) _Context: North Korea, ROKS ''Cheonan''_
5. [Eight people are missing and one dies as a fishing boat sinks while searching for the South Korean ''Cheonan'' warship that sank last week near the Northern Limit Line border with North Korea. ](/news/2010/04/3/eight-people-are-missing-and-one-dies-as-a-fishing-boat-sinks-while-searching-for-the-south-korean-cheonan-warship-that-sank-last-week-n.md) _Context: North Korea, ROKS ''Cheonan''_
6. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomware-attack-to-the-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
