### [2005-08-1](/news/2005/08/1/index.md)

#  Leaked communications between two U.S. military prosecutors reveal internal doubts about the military commission system established to try Guantanamo Bay detainees. In separate emails, the prosecutors allege that the commission system is rigged in favour of the prosecution and that the cases being pursued are "marginal". In Australia, the Australian Government came under renewed pressure to withdraw its support for the commissions, under which Australian citizen David Hicks would be tried. (Wikinews) 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200508/s1427396.htm)

### Related:

1. [A convention of Indigenous Australians at Mutitjulu concludes. Leaders deliver a statement to the Government of Australia outlining their position on amendments to the Constitution of Australia, including constitutional recognition. ](/news/2017/05/26/a-convention-of-indigenous-australians-at-mutitjulu-concludes-leaders-deliver-a-statement-to-the-government-of-australia-outlining-their-po.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
2. [Amnesty International accuses Australian border protection officials of illegally paying people smugglers and endangering lives in a bid to prevent boats of asylum seekers from reaching the country via Operation Sovereign Borders. Australia's government rejects Amnesty's report and denies any wrongdoing.](/news/2015/10/29/amnesty-international-accuses-australian-border-protection-officials-of-illegally-paying-people-smugglers-and-endangering-lives-in-a-bid-to.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
3. [Australian David Hicks wins an appeal in the U.S. Court of Military Commission Review against his conviction for providing material support to  terrorism in 2007 in a U.S. Navy court in Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2015/02/18/australian-david-hicks-wins-an-appeal-in-the-u-s-court-of-military-commission-review-against-his-conviction-for-providing-material-support.md) _Context: David Hicks_
4. [A riot at the Australian Government's immigration detention facility on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea results in one death and 77 injuries. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-riot-at-the-australian-government-s-immigration-detention-facility-on-manus-island-in-papua-new-guinea-results-in-one-death-and-77-injurie.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
5. [Australian Capital Territory becomes the first Australian territory to legalize same-sex marriage while the Government of Australia launches a legal challenge in the High Court. ](/news/2013/10/22/australian-capital-territory-becomes-the-first-australian-territory-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-while-the-government-of-australia-launches.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
6. [The Australian government announces that it will hold a referendum on recognition of local government in the constitution simultaneously with the federal election on September 14. ](/news/2013/05/9/the-australian-government-announces-that-it-will-hold-a-referendum-on-recognition-of-local-government-in-the-constitution-simultaneously-wit.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
7. [The High Court of Australia rules against plans by the government of Australia to send 800 asylum seekers to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/31/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-against-plans-by-the-government-of-australia-to-send-800-asylum-seekers-to-malaysia.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
8. [Thousands of people gather in Canberra, Australia to protest the introduction of a carbon tax, Prime Minister Julia Gillard met the Australian Youth Climate Coalition which is pushing for a price on emissions, while climate change mitigation activists including the Australian Council of Trade Unions delivered a petition to Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Greg Combet signed by about 10,000 "working Australians" urging the government to take action. ](/news/2011/03/23/thousands-of-people-gather-in-canberra-australia-to-protest-the-introduction-of-a-carbon-tax-prime-minister-julia-gillard-met-the-australi.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
9. [The Government of Australia sends additional Australian Federal Police officers to Christmas Island following a series of riots at the Christmas Island Immigration Detention Centre. ](/news/2011/03/18/the-government-of-australia-sends-additional-australian-federal-police-officers-to-christmas-island-following-a-series-of-riots-at-the-chris.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
10. [Asylum seekers stage another riot at the Christmas Island Immigration Detention Centre burning parts of the Australian government facility. ](/news/2011/03/17/asylum-seekers-stage-another-riot-at-the-christmas-island-immigration-detention-centre-burning-parts-of-the-australian-government-facility.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
