### [2011-12-26](/news/2011/12/26/index.md)

# France refuses to extradite journalist and former court spokeswoman Florence Hartmann, indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for contempt of court. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-501714_162-57348401/france-wont-arrest-war-crimes-court-spokeswoman/)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
2. [Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-committing-atrocit.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
3. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
4. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. ](/news/2016/03/17/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-announce-that-they-will-soon-deliver-their-verdict-against-radical-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
5. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the county clerk of Rowan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky, is released from jail on contempt of court charges but she may not interfere with her deputy clerks issuing marriage certificates to same sex couples. ](/news/2015/09/8/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-county-clerk-of-rowan-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-kentucky-is-released-from-jail-on-contempt-of-court-ch.md) _Context: contempt of court_
6. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the  Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-r.md) _Context: contempt of court_
7. [A judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia upholds the conviction of five men in connection with the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2015/01/30/a-judge-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-upholds-the-conviction-of-five-men-in-connection-with-the-srebrenic.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
8. [Former Bosnian official Jadranko Prlic is sentenced to 25 years in prison by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for war crimes during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2013/05/29/former-bosnian-official-jadranko-prlia-is-sentenced-to-25-years-in-prison-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
9. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
10. [Former Bosnian intelligence chief Zdravko Tolimir, believed to be a top aide to Ratko Mladic, is sentenced to life imprisonment by ICTY for his role in the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2012/12/13/former-bosnian-intelligence-chief-zdravko-tolimir-believed-to-be-a-top-aide-to-ratko-mladia-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-by-icty-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
