### [2005-09-10](/news/2005/09/10/index.md)

#  Iraqi forces and US troops attack Iraqi insurgents in Tal Afar. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-09-10T112604Z_01_SCH022074_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Tal Afar_
2. [Operation Inherent Resolve: The United States military states that it has inadvertently killed 64 civilians in air strikes on targets in Syria and Iraq over the past year. ](/news/2016/11/9/operation-inherent-resolve-the-united-states-military-states-that-it-has-inadvertently-killed-64-civilians-in-air-strikes-on-targets-in-syr.md) _Context: United States military_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians.md) _Context: United States military_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL: While testifying about the United States military-s current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will -Americanize- the conflict. The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials -did little to assuage lawmakers- concerns that the strategy isn-t working.-- At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. ](/news/2015/12/10/military-intervention-against-isil-while-testifying-about-the-united-states-military-s-current-strategy-vice-chairman-of-the-joint-chief.md) _Context: United States military_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-militar.md) _Context: United States military_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-sec.md) _Context: United States military_
7. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: A hospital in the northern Iraqi city of Tal Afar says that 29 suspected ISIL fighters were killed in airstrikes last night. ](/news/2014/10/7/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-a-hospital-in-the-northern-iraqi-city-of-tal-afar-says-that-29-suspected-isil-fighters-were-killed-in.md) _Context: Tal Afar_
8. [Amid the crisis in Ukraine, President of the United States Barack Obama announces the European Reassurance Initiative-a $1bn plan to fund the increase of the United States military presence in Europe and step up defense capabilities of Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia. ](/news/2014/06/3/amid-the-crisis-in-ukraine-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-the-european-reassurance-initiative-a-1bn-plan-to-fund.md) _Context: United States military_
9. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive:: ISIL takes control of the town of Tal Afar, Iraq. ](/news/2014/06/16/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-isil-takes-control-of-the-town-of-tal-afar-iraq.md) _Context: Tal Afar_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, previously the only United States military prisoner held captive in Afghanistan, is released in exchange for five Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2014/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-sergeant-bowe-bergdahl-previously-the-only-united-states-military-prisoner-held-captive-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: United States military_
