### [2015-08-1](/news/2015/08/1/index.md)

# The President of Myanmar Thein Sein declares a state of emergency in four regions, Chin State, Magwe Region, Sagaing Region and Rakhine State, after floods kill at least 27 people. 

As torrential rain continues, dozens die in eastern India and neighbouring Myanmar, where disaster zones have been declared.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-33745840)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/71DF/production/_84615192_ddde62cd-ef54-4ad4-9d62-151ee9475a12.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
2. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
3. [The President of Myanmar, Thein Sein, signs the Population Control Health Care Bill requiring some parents to space each child three years apart. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-signs-the-population-control-health-care-bill-requiring-some-parents-to-space-each-child-three-years-a.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
4. [The President of Myanmar Thein Sein visits the White House as part of his visit to the United States, the first by a Burmese head of state in 47 years. ](/news/2013/05/20/the-president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-visits-the-white-house-as-part-of-his-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-burmese-head-of-state-i.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
5. [Myanmar state television announces that President Thein Sein will make the first official visit to the United States, the first by a leader of that country in nearly fifty years. ](/news/2013/05/13/myanmar-state-television-announces-that-president-thein-sein-will-make-the-first-official-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-leader.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
6. [President of Myanmar Thein Sein grants amnesty to 93 prisoners. Some prisoners are reported as prisoners of conscience and political prisoners. ](/news/2013/04/23/president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-grants-amnesty-to-93-prisoners-some-prisoners-are-reported-as-prisoners-of-conscience-and-political-prisone.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, Thein Sein_
7. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
8. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
9. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Rakhine State_
