### [2000-09-6](/news/2000/09/6/index.md)

#  World leaders attend the Millennium Summit at the United Nations Headquarters (until September 8, 2000).




### Related:

1. [The United Nations appoints a special rapporteur to investigate the situation in Tibet, after hunger strikes occurred outside the United Nations Headquarters building in New York City. ](/news/2012/03/22/the-united-nations-appoints-a-special-rapporteur-to-investigate-the-situation-in-tibet-after-hunger-strikes-occurred-outside-the-united-nat.md) _Context: United Nations Headquarters_
2. [Two sacks of cocaine are accidentally delivered to the United Nations Headquarters in New York City. ](/news/2012/01/27/two-sacks-of-cocaine-are-accidentally-delivered-to-the-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: United Nations Headquarters_
3. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton exchange criticism of each other's countries nuclear policies at the opening of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty Review Conference at the United Nations Headquarters in New York. ](/news/2010/05/3/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-exchange-criticism-of-each-otheras-countries-nu.md) _Context: United Nations Headquarters_
4. [ The United Nations Headquarters building in New York City is evacuated after vials containing the chemical agent phosgene are discovered. ](/news/2007/08/30/the-united-nations-headquarters-building-in-new-york-city-is-evacuated-after-vials-containing-the-chemical-agent-phosgene-are-discovered.md) _Context: United Nations Headquarters_
5. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: United Nations Headquarters_
6. [ United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.](/news/2003/09/23/united-nations-world-heads-of-state-and-government-convene-at-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city-for-the-start-of-the-annual-gen.md) _Context: United Nations Headquarters_
7. [ In New York City, the United Nations Millennium Summit begins with more than 180 world leaders present. ](/news/2000/09/6/in-new-york-city-the-united-nations-millennium-summit-begins-with-more-than-180-world-leaders-present.md) _Context: Millennium Summit_
