### [2005-09-18](/news/2005/09/18/index.md)

#  Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle Election Night Ticker](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,1564,1714167,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union, Germany, SPD_
2. [ German election 2005: After talks between CDU/CSU and Alliance 90/The Greens, a "Jamaica coalition" between conservatives, liberals and greens is ruled out.](/news/2005/09/23/german-election-2005-after-talks-between-cdu-csu-and-alliance-90-the-greens-a-jamaica-coalition-between-conservatives-liberals-and-gre.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union, German federal election, 2005, Greens_
3. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, Greens, SPD_
4. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: Free Democrats, Greens, SPD_
5. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union, SPD_
6. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder has declared that he will seek the next German federal election to be held this autumn, a year earlier than set out by the constitution, after the CDU and FDP defeated the Social Democrats (SPD), who were in coalition with the Greens, at the regional election in North Rhine-Westphalia. ](/news/2005/05/22/german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-has-declared-that-he-will-seek-the-next-german-federal-election-to-be-held-this-autumn-a-year-earlier-t.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, German federal election, 2005, Germany_
7. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: Germany, SPD_
8. [Voters in the German city state of Hamburg go to the polls with the governing Social Democratic Party of Germany led by Olaf Scholz retaining power. ](/news/2015/02/15/voters-in-the-german-city-state-of-hamburg-go-to-the-polls-with-the-governing-social-democratic-party-of-germany-led-by-olaf-scholz-retainin.md) _Context: Germany, SPD_
9. [Voters in Germany go to the polls for a federal election, with Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union achieving its highest vote since 1990. ](/news/2013/09/22/voters-in-germany-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-christian-democratic-union-achieving-its-highest-v.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, Germany_
10. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls for an election, with the Social Democratic Party of Germany winning the most votes, allowing it to continue in government with the support of the Greens. ](/news/2012/05/13/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-for-an-election-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-winning.md) _Context: Greens, SPD_
