### [2005-11-16](/news/2005/11/16/index.md)

#  1 person is killed, and 15 are injured in Hakk-ri, Hakkari Province, Turkey during fighting between Turkish police and Kurdish PKK rebels. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L16754634.htm)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of Kurds pour into the streets of Diyarbakir, Turkey, for the funeral of Sakine Cansiz, the co-founder of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, who was killed in Paris, France, on January 9. ](/news/2013/01/17/tens-of-thousands-of-kurds-pour-into-the-streets-of-diyarbakir-turkey-for-the-funeral-of-sakine-cansa-z-the-co-founder-of-the-outlawed-ku.md) _Context: Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
2. [ A death threat was mailed by PKK to CHP, MHP, DYP and AKP to withdraw their Van and Hakk-ri candidates to the 2007 general election in Turkey. ](/news/2007/05/14/a-death-threat-was-mailed-by-pkk-to-chp-mhp-dyp-and-akp-to-withdraw-their-van-and-hakk-ri-candidates-to-the-2007-general-election-in-turk.md) _Context: Hakkri, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
3. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present): A suspected PKK car bomb kills at least 17 people, and injures 27 others in Turkey's southeast Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/10/9/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-a-suspected-pkk-car-bomb-kills-at-least-17-people-and-injures-27-others-in-turkey-s-southeast.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
4. [2016 Turkish purges: Turkey suspends 11,500 teachers over alleged links to separatist terrorist organization Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) a week before the start of school. ](/news/2016/09/8/2016-turkish-purges-turkey-suspends-11-500-teachers-over-alleged-links-to-separatist-terrorist-organization-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
6. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): The Turkish military kills 35 Kurdistan Workers' Party militants after they attempt to capture a base in Turkey's Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/07/30/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-the-turkish-military-kills-35-kurdistan-workers-party-militants-after-they-attempt-to-capture.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
7. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present): At least six Turkish soldiers are killed and four others are wounded in a PKK attack in Turkey's eastern Van Province. ](/news/2016/05/24/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-at-least-six-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-and-four-others-are-wounded-in-a-pkk-attack-in-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
8. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present): Eight Turkish soldiers and 21 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants are killed in clashes and in a subsequent helicopter crash near Turkey's border with Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/13/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-eight-turkish-soldiers-and-21-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-are-killed-in-clashes-and-i.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
9. [PKK rebellion: Turkey-ISIL conflict: A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
10. [March 2016 Ankara bombing: Turkey-s Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/march-2016-ankara-bombing-turkey-s-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-w.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
