### [2005-11-16](/news/2005/11/16/index.md)

#  In the 2005 Burkina Faso presidential elections incumbent Blaise Compaor celebrates victory several days ahead of the release of the voting results. International watchdogs and opposition officials allege widespread vote rigging. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4436782.stm)

### Related:

1. [A trial at a court in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, opens to try former President Blaise Compaor and members of his cabinet in absentia. Burkina Faso accuses Compaor, who is in exile in the Ivory Coast, of ordering the killing of protesters during the uprising that ousted him in 2014. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-trial-at-a-court-in-ouagadougou-burkina-faso-opens-to-try-former-president-blaise-compaore-and-members-of-his-cabinet-in-absentia-burki.md) _Context: Blaise Compaor_
2. [Protestors demanding the resignation of President Blaise Compaor set fire to parliament and other official buildings. The Chief of the Army dismisses the government and national assembly and announces a curfew and a transition time of one year. Compaor fled to Dakar, Senegal. ](/news/2014/10/30/protestors-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-blaise-compaore-set-fire-to-parliament-and-other-official-buildings-the-chief-of-the-army.md) _Context: Blaise Compaor_
3. [Blaise Compaore, President of Burkina Faso, who took power in a coup 24 years ago, reportedly flees a mutiny of his military bodyguards. ](/news/2011/04/15/blaise-compaore-president-of-burkina-faso-who-took-power-in-a-coup-24-years-ago-reportedly-flees-a-mutiny-of-his-military-bodyguards.md) _Context: Blaise Compaor_
4. [Blaise Compaor is re-elected as President of Burkina Faso following a presidential election with 81% of the vote. ](/news/2010/11/24/blaise-compaore-is-re-elected-as-president-of-burkina-faso-following-a-presidential-election-with-81-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Blaise Compaor_
5. [ U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth rules that Mohammad Munaf, a United States citizen, can be transferred to Iraqi authorities to face a death sentence over the kidnapping of three Romanian journalists in 2005 around Baghdad. ](/news/2006/10/19/u-s-district-judge-royce-lamberth-rules-that-mohammad-munaf-a-united-states-citizen-can-be-transferred-to-iraqi-authorities-to-face-a-de.md) _Context: 2005_
6. [ 7.5 million voters in Burkina Faso participate in the presidential elections of 2005. ](/news/2005/11/13/7-5-million-voters-in-burkina-faso-participate-in-the-presidential-elections-of-2005.md) _Context: Burkina Faso presidential elections_
7. [ In Stockholm, it is announced that British playwright Harold Pinter is the 2005 winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature. ](/news/2005/10/13/in-stockholm-it-is-announced-that-british-playwright-harold-pinter-is-the-2005-winner-of-the-nobel-prize-for-literature.md) _Context: 2005_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, survives a major leadership challenge within the Likud Party.  The proposal, which would have ordered the next Party Leader election be held in October 2005 rather than April 2006, is voted down by the party's Central Committee, 48% to 52%. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050927/ap_on_re_mi_ea/israel_palestinians;_ylt=AqUsWHAysiaRl2IWDnsIPX6s0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3b2NibDltBHNlYwM3MTY- (Yahoo!News)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-survives-a-major-leadership-challenge-within-the-likud-party-the-proposal-which-would-have-o.md) _Context: 2005_
9. [ Chinese railroad workers in Tibet laid rail tracks on the Tanggula Mountain Pass in the Tanggula Mountains in Tibet at 5,072 m (16,640 ft) above sea level, surpassing the altitude of the highest Peruvian railway by 255 m (837 ft).  This section of the Qinghai-Tibet Railway is now the highest railway in the world.  The railway also includes the highest railway station in the world at Lhasa, 5,068 m (16,627 ft) above sea level.  The railway is expected to open later in 2005. ](/news/2005/08/24/chinese-railroad-workers-in-tibet-laid-rail-tracks-on-the-tanggula-mountain-pass-in-the-tanggula-mountains-in-tibet-at-5-072-m-16-640-ft.md) _Context: 2005_
10. [ Kansas City Southern Railway names Francisco Javier Rin as the new CEO, succeeding interim CEO Vicente Corta Fernandez, for its subsidiary Grupo Transportacin Ferroviaria Mexicana. Before joining TFM, Rin was president of Bombardier's Rail Control Solutions Division in London, England, from 2001 to 2005, president and managing director of Bombardier's Mexican division from 1995 to 2001, and general director of Dina Autobuses/Consorcin-Grupo Dina from 1991 to 1995. ](/news/2005/07/5/kansas-city-southern-railway-names-francisco-javier-rion-as-the-new-ceo-succeeding-interim-ceo-vicente-corta-fernandez-for-its-subsidiary.md) _Context: 2005_
