### [2005-11-16](/news/2005/11/16/index.md)

#  The United States government has won its fight to keep its supervisory authority over the internet through the ICANN, despite opposition from many nations. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/4441544.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
2. [The United States announces plans to relinquish remaining controls of the Internet following revelations of National Security Agency surveillance last year. ](/news/2014/03/14/the-united-states-announces-plans-to-relinquish-remaining-controls-of-the-internet-following-revelations-of-national-security-agency-surveil.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
3. [United States aid worker Alan Gross has been found guilty of crimes against the state of Cuba supposedly for setting up illegal Internet connections. ](/news/2011/03/5/united-states-aid-worker-alan-gross-has-been-found-guilty-of-crimes-against-the-state-of-cuba-supposedly-for-setting-up-illegal-internet-con.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
4. [The White House holds an official review after an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture was forced to resign regarding controversy about a video that surfaced on the Internet. [http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/07/21/agriculture.employee.usda/index.html?hpt=C2 (CNN)] [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/21/white-house-shirley-sherrod ("The Guardian")] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10716237 (BBC News)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/22/us/politics/22sherrod.html?_r=1 ("The New York Times)"]](/news/2010/07/21/the-white-house-holds-an-official-review-after-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-was-forced-to-resign-regarding-con.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
5. [Shirley Sherrod, an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture, resigns after a video on the internet surfaced showing her apparently making racist remarks regarding the foreclosure of a farm owned by a white farmer. ](/news/2010/07/20/shirley-sherrod-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-resigns-after-a-video-on-the-internet-surfaced-showing-her-appa.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
6. [ The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation is probing an Internet leak of the upcoming film "X-Men Origins: Wolverine". ](/news/2009/04/2/the-u-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-is-probing-an-internet-leak-of-the-upcoming-film-x-men-origins-wolverine.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
7. [ Chairman of the United States Federal Communications Commission Kevin Martin says he is "ready, willing and able," to prevent broadband Internet service providers from interfering with the speed of their subscribers' Internet access. ](/news/2008/02/25/chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-kevin-martin-says-he-is-ready-willing-and-able-to-prevent-broadband-int.md) _Context: Internet, United States_
8. [ Internet: Country code top-level domain administrators have started to talk about taking back control of their parts of the domain name system that has been controlled by ICANN since the death of Jon Postel. They have complained that ICANN is unaccountable, dictatorial and unresponsive to users' needs.](/news/2002/11/4/internet-country-code-top-level-domain-administrators-have-started-to-talk-about-taking-back-control-of-their-parts-of-the-domain-name-sys.md) _Context: Internet, Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers_
9. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
