### [2012-04-17](/news/2012/04/17/index.md)

# Billionaire investor Warren Buffett admits he has prostate cancer. 

Billionaire investor Warren Buffett says he has been diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer, but that his condition is not life-threatening.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-17751171)

### Related:

1. [Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD$9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery stepping up its pursuit of steady profits from utilities and infrastructure deals. ](/news/2017/07/7/warren-buffett-s-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-de.md) _Context: Warren Buffett_
2. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
3. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
4. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
5. [Warren Buffett and Jorge Paulo Lemann announce that they are allying to buy H. J. Heinz Company for $28 billion. ](/news/2013/02/14/warren-buffett-and-jorge-paulo-lemann-announce-that-they-are-allying-to-buy-h-j-heinz-company-for-28-billion.md) _Context: Warren Buffett_
6. [Anonymous sources say U.S. billionaire Warren Buffett bid to acquire NYSE Euronext in November 2012, but lost the auction to IntercontinentalExchange. ](/news/2013/01/28/anonymous-sources-say-u-s-billionaire-warren-buffett-bid-to-acquire-nyse-euronext-in-november-2012-but-lost-the-auction-to-intercontinenta.md) _Context: Warren Buffett_
7. [Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate headed by Warren Buffett, announces a plan to invest $5 billion in Bank of America. ](/news/2011/08/25/berkshire-hathaway-the-conglomerate-headed-by-warren-buffett-announces-a-plan-to-invest-5-billion-in-bank-of-america.md) _Context: Warren Buffett_
8. [Movember wraps up with over $50 million raised for prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/11/30/movember-wraps-up-with-over-50-million-raised-for-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
9. [It is impossible that Abdelbaset al-Megrahi could have pretended to have terminal prostate cancer, according to an oncologist who examined him. ](/news/2010/08/6/it-is-impossible-that-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-could-have-pretended-to-have-terminal-prostate-cancer-according-to-an-oncologist-who-examined-h.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
10. [The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is currently attempting to gauge the risk of the recently-discovered XMRV virus, linked to rare forms of prostate cancer and chronic fatigue syndrome, to the blood donation supply. ](/news/2010/04/5/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-currently-attempting-to-gauge-the-risk-of-the-recently-discovered-xmrv-virus-linked-to-ra.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
