### [2004-12-14](/news/2004/12/14/index.md)

#  A Thai worker is killed and two more are injured in Gush Katif by Palestinian mortar shells. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4093779.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4094981.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/514263.html)
4. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=578&e=1&u=/nm/20041214/ts_nm/mideast_dc)

### Related:

1. [ The Israel Defense Forces bomb the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian rocket and mortar fire. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-israel-defense-forces-bomb-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-fire.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
2. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
3. [ Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region. ](/news/2009/02/1/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-four-rockets-and-sixteen-mortar-shells-into-israel-s-negev-region.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gush Katif, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
6. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Gush Katif, Mortar_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has postponed security talks with Palestinians following a mortar attack by Hamas on the Gush Katif Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip. Hamas claim the attack was in retaliation for an attack by Jewish settlers which left one man dead. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas responds by firing the top security commanders in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/02/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-postponed-security-talks-with-palestinians-following-a-mortar-attack-by-hamas-on-the-gush-katif-je.md) _Context: Gush Katif, Mortar_
9. [ An Israeli unmanned drone attempts to kill two suspected Hamas militants in Khan Yunis allegedly on their way to launch an attack on Israelis in Gush Katif with mortar weapons. An Israeli tank fires a shell in Khan Yunis wounding at least nine Palestinians, including a 13-year-old boy. IDF officials say they were opening fire at the source of Qassam rockets fired by Palestinians that landed in Neve Dekalim. No injuries are reported from the Qassam rocket attacks. ](/news/2004/12/28/an-israeli-unmanned-drone-attempts-to-kill-two-suspected-hamas-militants-in-khan-yunis-allegedly-on-their-way-to-launch-an-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Gush Katif, Mortar_
10. [ Israeli troops kill Rania Siam, an 8-year-old Palestinian girl, as she eats lunch in the kitchen of her home in Khan Yunis, Gaza Strip. Earlier, three mortar shells are fired into the nearby Israeli settlement of Neve Dekalim injuring four people, one of them a child. Hamas claims responsibility. Israeli troops fire in the general direction the source of mortar fire. The Israeli army says it will investigate Rania Siam's death. ](/news/2004/12/10/israeli-troops-kill-rania-siam-an-8-year-old-palestinian-girl-as-she-eats-lunch-in-the-kitchen-of-her-home-in-khan-yunis-gaza-strip-ear.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
