### [2012-07-15](/news/2012/07/15/index.md)

# Hundreds of Israeli protesters gather in Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Haifa and Beersheba to show their solidarity with the man who self immolated on 14 July 2012. 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/NationalNews/Article.aspx?id=277567)

### Related:

1. [ Five people are killed, and about 80 injured, when an Israeli train travelling between Tel Aviv and Haifa collides with a truck on a level crossing near Netanya. The first anniversary of a similar accident on Israel Railways near Revadim on the Beersheba line is in nine days' time. ](/news/2006/06/12/five-people-are-killed-and-about-80-injured-when-an-israeli-train-travelling-between-tel-aviv-and-haifa-collides-with-a-truck-on-a-level.md) _Context: Beersheba, Haifa, Tel Aviv_
2. [A Palestinian man from the West Bank, Hamza Muhammad Hassan Matrouk, illegally crosses into Israel for the express purpose to stab people attacking over a dozen Israelis on a bus in central Tel Aviv. Security forces capture the assailant as he continued to indiscriminately stab people in the street. ](/news/2015/01/21/a-palestinian-man-from-the-west-bank-hamza-muhammad-hassan-matrouk-illegally-crosses-into-israel-for-the-express-purpose-to-stab-people-at.md) _Context: Israelis, Tel Aviv_
3. [3 police officers are injured in Jerusalem as Israeli riot police and Palestinian protesters clash before a Jewish festival. ](/news/2014/10/15/3-police-officers-are-injured-in-jerusalem-as-israeli-riot-police-and-palestinian-protesters-clash-before-a-jewish-festival.md) _Context: Israelis, Jerusalem_
4. [Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into-israel-reaching-jerusalem-a.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Tel Aviv_
5. [Operation Pillar of Defense:Two unguided rockets from Gaza land outside Jerusalem and two more land outside Tel-Aviv. Out of the 350 rockets fired since the start of Operation Pillar of Defense, the Iron Dome missile system has shot down over 200 rockets. ](/news/2012/11/17/operation-pillar-of-defense-ptwo-unguided-rockets-from-gaza-land-outside-jerusalem-and-two-more-land-outside-tel-aviv-out-of-the-350-rocket.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Tel Aviv_
6. [ Tens of thousands of Israelis have converged on Tel Aviv to protest the proposed removal of Israeli settlements from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/08/11/tens-of-thousands-of-israelis-have-converged-on-tel-aviv-to-protest-the-proposed-removal-of-israeli-settlements-from-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israelis, Tel Aviv_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
8. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
9. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
