### [2012-07-15](/news/2012/07/15/index.md)

# Organisers pull the plug on a duet between Bruce Springsteen and Paul McCartney at Hyde Park, London, after it breached its legal curfew. 

Fans and members of Bruce Springsteen&#039;s E-Street Band were left angered after &ldquo;The Boss&rdquo; and Sir Paul McCartney were silenced for breaching a council curfew at Hard Rock Calling following &ldquo;police state&rdquo; actions.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/music/bruce-springsteen-and-paul-mccartney-unplugged-in-full-flow-during-uk-gig-3168782.html)
2. [Philadelphia Daily News](http://www.philly.com/philly/entertainment/20120716_Springsteen__McCartney_silently_duet.html?cmpid=138887484)
3. [Scottish Daily Record](http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/showbiz/music-news/2012/07/16/bruce-springsteen-sideman-blasts-london-jobsworths-as-the-boss-paul-mccartney-are-cut-off-in-their-prime-86908-23909069/)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/music/music-news/9401505/Hard-Rock-Calling-2012-Police-state-pulls-the-plug-on-The-Boss-and-The-Beatle.html)

### Related:

1. [ Bob Geldof announces plans for a concert similar to Live Aid, which took place in 1985, to coincide with the G8 Summit in Edinburgh this July. The concert, named 'Live 8', will take place in Hyde Park, London on 2 July, with other concerts in Paris, Rome, Berlin and Philadelphia, and is intended to raise awareness of the Make Poverty History campaign. It is expected to include acts such as Sir Paul McCartney, Robbie Williams, Madonna, the Rolling Stones, Coldplay and U2, as well as a rumoured reunion of the Spice Girls. ](/news/2005/05/31/bob-geldof-announces-plans-for-a-concert-similar-to-live-aid-which-took-place-in-1985-to-coincide-with-the-g8-summit-in-edinburgh-this-ju.md) _Context: Hyde Park, Paul McCartney_
2. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
3. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
4. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
5. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
6. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
7. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
8. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
9. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter   movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birmi.md) _Context: London_
10. [At least one person is dead and several injured as a result of a knife attack in London's Russell Square. ](/news/2016/08/3/at-least-one-person-is-dead-and-several-injured-as-a-result-of-a-knife-attack-in-london-s-russell-square.md) _Context: London_
