### [2012-07-15](/news/2012/07/15/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates open new pipelines bypassing the Strait of Hormuz, the shipping lane that Iran has repeatedly threatened to close. 




### Source:

1. [The Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4203f88c-ce83-11e1-9fa7-00144feabdc0.html#axzz20mIbPI2Z)

### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
3. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Foreign relations of Lebanon: Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/foreign-relations-of-lebanon-qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-av.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Foreign relations of Lebanon: The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/foreign-relations-of-lebanon-the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issu.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
8. [Foreign relations of Iran: Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/foreign-relations-of-iran-sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
9. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
