### [2012-07-15](/news/2012/07/15/index.md)

# The African Union choose Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma of South Africa as its leader, making her the first woman to occupy the post, in a hard fought battle with incumbent Jean Ping of Gabon. 

The African Union breaks months of deadlock over its choice of leader, electing Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma as its first woman leader.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-18846210)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/61586000/jpg/_61586505_61585564.jpg)

### Related:

1. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union, South Africa_
2. [Large explosions and gunfire are reported in the Gabonese capital Libreville as security forces clash with supporters of opposition presidential candidate Jean Ping protesting the election results indicating a narrow victory by President Ali Bongo Ondimba. ](/news/2016/09/1/large-explosions-and-gunfire-are-reported-in-the-gabonese-capital-libreville-as-security-forces-clash-with-supporters-of-opposition-presiden.md) _Context: Gabon, Jean Ping_
3. [The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-for-alleged-war-crimes-when-he-arrives-at.md) _Context: African Union, South Africa_
4. [The head of the African Union, Jean Ping, arrives in Guinea-Bissau after the country's army chief claims to have foiled a military coup. ](/news/2011/12/28/the-head-of-the-african-union-jean-ping-arrives-in-guinea-bissau-after-the-country-s-army-chief-claims-to-have-foiled-a-military-coup.md) _Context: African Union, Jean Ping_
5. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-to.md) _Context: African Union, South Africa_
6. [ A plane carrying South African Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe back from an African Union summit in Tripoli, Libya makes an emergency landing on an unlit runway in northern Congo after missing a fuel stop. ](/news/2009/09/1/a-plane-carrying-south-african-deputy-president-kgalema-motlanthe-back-from-an-african-union-summit-in-tripoli-libya-makes-an-emergency-la.md) _Context: African Union, South Africa_
7. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Gabon, South Africa_
8. [ South Africa decides to recognize the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) because Morocco refuse to discuss the territory self-determination.""Once that process was stopped and Baker resigned and Morocco said its (sovereignty claim) was not negotiable, then we were left with no choice"" declared Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. Recognition of the SADR by South Africa had been promised by Nelson Mandela in 1994, but had been postponed by pressures from other countries, as the United States, France or Palestine. Thabo Mbeki stated on a speech to the Pan-African Parliament that the international community should press for Western Sahara's self-determination in the same way as it had done to end South Africa's apartheid. Morocco reacted recalling its ambassador in South Africa for consultations, considering the recognition "partial, surprising and inopportune". ](/news/2004/09/15/south-africa-decides-to-recognize-the-sahrawi-arab-democratic-republic-sadr-because-morocco-refuse-to-discuss-the-territory-self-determin.md) _Context: Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, South Africa_
9. [Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-johannesburg-south-africa-during.md) _Context: South Africa_
10. [ Up to 10,000 people have been evacuated from Knysna Local Municipality on Garden Route in South Africa after wildfire destroyed 150 homes. The Wildfire is connected to the worst windstorm in 30 years, which already killed at least 8 people in Cape Town. [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-40199270 (BBC)], [https://www.enca.com/south-africa/knysna-toddler-dies-on-birthday (ENCA)], [https://www.rte.ie/news/world/2017/0608/881071-south_africa/ (RTE)], [http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/storm-kills-displaces-thousands-cape-town-170608052748704.html (Al Jazeera)], [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/world/africa/south-africa-cape-town-storm-fires.html "(The New York Times)"]](/news/2017/06/8/up-to-10-000-people-have-been-evacuated-from-knysna-local-municipality-on-garden-route-in-south-africa-after-wildfire-destroyed-150-homes.md) _Context: South Africa_
