### [2006-04-29](/news/2006/04/29/index.md)

#  United States-Iran relations continue to deteriorate after US officials called Iran one of the world's most active sponsors of terrorism, as IAEA reveals that Tehran has successfully enriched uranium and is racing ahead with its nuclear programme. Iran says it does not "give a damn" about the verdict from the IAEA director Mohamed ElBaradei and what it might lead to. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP/ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=1902729)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/iran/story/0,,1764159,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The IAEA expresses concern after a late declaration of a second nuclear site by Iran. ](/news/2009/11/16/the-iaea-expresses-concern-after-a-late-declaration-of-a-second-nuclear-site-by-iran.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear program_
2. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, uranium_
3. [ International relations: European Union increases pressure on Tehran to cooperate with international nuclear weapons inspectors. Britain states Iran must declare ""unequivocally"" that it harbours no ambitions to develop nuclear arms. European Union, in a draft joint statement, warns of economic fallout if Tehran does not make progress on key areas including non-proliferation, fighting terrorism, human rights and the Middle East peace process.](/news/2003/09/29/international-relations-european-union-increases-pressure-on-tehran-to-cooperate-with-international-nuclear-weapons-inspectors-britain-st.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, terrorism_
4. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
5. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
6. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
7. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
8. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
9. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
