### [2014-04-9](/news/2014/04/9/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian protests in Ukraine:Over 50 people leave a Ukrainian security service building in Luhansk that is currently occupied by pro-Russian separatists. 

Pro-Russian separatists reinforced barricades around the state security building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk on Wednesday and called on President Vladimir Putin for help after the government warned it could use force to restore order.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/09/us-ukraine-crisis-luhansk-idUSBREA380C620140409)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/04/09/world/europe/ukraine-crisis/)

### Related:

1. [ A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-near-luhansk.md) _Context: Luhansk_
2. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Luhansk_
3. [Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk-region-in-easter.md) _Context: Luhansk_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvoters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respe.md) _Context: Luhansk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: Luhansk_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. ](/news/2014/07/14/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pa-ukrainian-antonov-an-26-military-transport-plane-was-shot-down-near-luhansk-where-there-is-currently-h.md) _Context: Luhansk_
7. [A large skirmish occurs in eastern Ukraine when pro-Russian separatists launch a massive attack on a border control centre near the city of Luhansk; five militants are killed and another eight are wounded, and seven Ukrainian border guards are wounded in the clash.  ](/news/2014/06/2/a-large-skirmish-occurs-in-eastern-ukraine-when-pro-russian-separatists-launch-a-massive-attack-on-a-border-control-centre-near-the-city-of.md) _Context: Luhansk_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Valery Bolotov, a leader of the separatist movement in the eastern city of Luhansk, is wounded in an assassination attempt by an unknown assailant.  ](/news/2014/05/13/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvalery-bolotov-a-leader-of-the-separatist-movement-in-the-eastern-city-of-luhansk-is-wounded-in-an-ass.md) _Context: Luhansk_
9. [2014 pro-Russian protests in Ukraine:Ukrainian police detain about 70 people in Kharkiv in an "anti-terrorist" operation that clear government buildings seized by pro-Russian protesters in Kharkiv.](/news/2014/04/8/2014-pro-russian-protests-in-ukraine-pukrainian-police-detain-about-70-people-in-kharkiv-in-an-anti-terrorist-operation-that-clear-governm.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian protests in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian protests in Ukraine:Pro-Russian activists occupying a government building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have proclaimed the creation of a sovereign Donetsk People's Republic independent of the capital Kiev. ](/news/2014/04/7/2014-pro-russian-protests-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-activists-occupying-a-government-building-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-donetsk-have-pr.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian protests in Ukraine_
