### [2014-04-9](/news/2014/04/9/index.md)

# Bank of America agrees to pay $727 million to customers as restitution for deceptive marketing practices and unfair billing. An additional $45 million will be paid as fines to government regulatory groups. 

Bank of America agreed to pay nearly $800 million in fines and restitution to settle allegations of deceptive marketing and unfair billing involving credit card products, U.S. regulators said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/09/us-financial-regulations-bank-of-am-idUSBREA381FF20140409)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140409&t=2&i=881930067&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBREA3819M600)

### Related:

1. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc has become the largest shareholder of Bank of America by exercising its right to acquire 700 million shares at a steep discount, more than tripling an investment it made six years ago. Bank of America on Tuesday announced the exercise of the warrants, which gave Berkshire, controlled by Warren Buffett, the right to buy the bank's shares for about $7.14 each. Bank of America shares closed down 14 cents at $23.58 on the same day. ](/news/2017/08/29/berkshire-hathaway-inc-has-become-the-largest-shareholder-of-bank-of-america-by-exercising-its-right-to-acquire-700-million-shares-at-a-stee.md) _Context: Bank of America_
2. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Bank of America_
3. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America_
4. [The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. ](/news/2014/07/30/the-u-s-district-court-in-manhattan-via-judge-jed-rakoff-orders-bank-of-america-to-pay-1-27-billion-in-damages-relating-to-the-housing-b.md) _Context: Bank of America_
5. [The ex-chief financial officer of Bank of America, Joe Price, agrees to pay a $7.5 million fine for misleading investors during the acquisition of Merrill Lynch. ](/news/2014/04/25/the-ex-chief-financial-officer-of-bank-of-america-joe-price-agrees-to-pay-a-7-5-million-fine-for-misleading-investors-during-the-acquisit.md) _Context: Bank of America_
6. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: Bank of America_
7. [Alcoa, Hewlett-Packard, and Bank of America will be dropped from the Dow Jones Industrial Average from next week to be replaced by Visa Inc., Nike, Inc and Goldman Sachs. ](/news/2013/09/10/alcoa-hewlett-packard-and-bank-of-america-will-be-dropped-from-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-from-next-week-to-be-replaced-by-visa-inc.md) _Context: Bank of America_
8. [Bank of America agrees to pay US$1.6 billion to insurer MBIA to settle a long-running dispute between MBIA and two companies Bank of America had since acquired. ](/news/2013/05/6/bank-of-america-agrees-to-pay-us-1-6-billion-to-insurer-mbia-to-settle-a-long-running-dispute-between-mbia-and-two-companies-bank-of-america.md) _Context: Bank of America_
9. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Bank of America_
10. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Bank of America_
