### [2014-04-9](/news/2014/04/9/index.md)

# Four people are stabbed in an office in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 

Police have identified the man accused of stabbing four employees at a North Toronto office building, saying he was in the process of being fired when he attacked his superiors. 


### Source:

1. [CTV](http://toronto.ctvnews.ca/toronto-scissors-stabbing-suspect-in-custody-after-multiple-people-injured-1.1767944)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.ctvnews.ca/polopoly_fs/1.1768097.1397057306!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_620/image.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
2. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
3. [150 cases of food poisoning are confirmed to be cronuts contaminated with S. aureus at the CNE in Toronto, Ontario. ](/news/2013/08/24/150-cases-of-food-poisoning-are-confirmed-to-be-cronuts-contaminated-with-s-aureus-at-the-cne-in-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
4. [Ontario Superior Court of Justice rules that Toronto mayor Rob Ford breached Ontario's conflict of interest law and orders him to remove from office. ](/news/2012/11/26/ontario-superior-court-of-justice-rules-that-toronto-mayor-rob-ford-breached-ontarioas-conflict-of-interest-law-and-orders-him-to-remove-f.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
5. [ A line of severe thunderstorms rolls through Ontario, Canada, spawns over 18 tornadoes in one day which has been declared to be the largest tornado outbreak in Canadian history, at least four F-2 tornadoes were confirmed, including one touching down in the town of Durham, Ontario, northwest of Toronto where at least one person was killed, and the other in a Toronto suburb of Vaughan, Ontario where over 600 homes were damaged or destroyed.](/news/2009/08/20/a-line-of-severe-thunderstorms-rolls-through-ontario-canada-spawns-over-18-tornadoes-in-one-day-which-has-been-declared-to-be-the-largest.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
6. [ Controversy erupts in Canada over a segment of Conan O'Brien's NBC television talk show, filmed in Quebec City and shown to a studio audience in Toronto, featuring his character Triumph the Insult Dog making ethnic insults against French-Canadians, including telling them to speak English. The Canadian government condemns the comments. The Government of Ontario, which had paid $1 million to sponsor the taping of four episodes of the show in Toronto to promote the city, also distances itself from the comments.](/news/2004/02/12/controversy-erupts-in-canada-over-a-segment-of-conan-o-brien-s-nbc-television-talk-show-filmed-in-quebec-city-and-shown-to-a-studio-audien.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.](/news/2003/06/10/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-ontario-appeals-court-rules-that-the-law-restricting-marriage-to-heterosexual-couples-contravenes-the-equa.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
8. [Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-package-was-also-found-in-another.md) _Context: Toronto_
9. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Ontario_
10. [The two-month-old Nipigon River Bridge near Nipigon, Ontario is closed to traffic after a mechanical failure, severing the Trans-Canada Highway and forcing a detour into the United States. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-two-month-old-nipigon-river-bridge-near-nipigon-ontario-is-closed-to-traffic-after-a-mechanical-failure-severing-the-trans-canada-high.md) _Context: Ontario_
