### [2014-04-9](/news/2014/04/9/index.md)

# Maria Miller resigns as the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport in the United Kingdom following an expenses scandal. Sajid Javid is announced as her replacement. 

David Cameron will attempt to put the Maria Miller expenses row and questions about his handling of the case behind him as he launches his party&#x27;s campaign for next month&#x27;s European elections.


### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/448669a4-bfaf-11e3-9513-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2yNq3ooSv)
2. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/story/2014-04-03/maria-miller-expenses/#maria-miller-resigns_347166)

### Related:

1. [Britain's Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards launches an investigation into expenses claimed by British Culture Secretary Maria Miller. ](/news/2012/12/13/britain-s-parliamentary-commissioner-for-standards-launches-an-investigation-into-expenses-claimed-by-british-culture-secretary-maria-miller.md) _Context: Maria Miller, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
2. [10 Downing Street denies that British Prime Minister David Cameron's spokesman Craig Oliver warned ''The Daily Telegraph'' against running a critical story on MPs expenses claimed by Culture Secretary Maria Miller because of her role in enacting proposals in the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/12/12/10-downing-street-denies-that-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-spokesman-craig-oliver-warned-the-daily-telegraph-against-running-a.md) _Context: Maria Miller, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
3. [ Former UK Labour Culture Secretary, Chris Smith, states he has been HIV positive for 17 years. ](/news/2005/01/30/former-uk-labour-culture-secretary-chris-smith-states-he-has-been-hiv-positive-for-17-years.md) _Context: Britain, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
4. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: Britain_
