### [2005-09-30](/news/2005/09/30/index.md)

#  An Osaka High Court judge rules that the visit by Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to the Yasukuni Shrine violates the constitution's separation of church and state.  The visit by a Japanese head of government to the war shrine is a sensitive issue with China and South Korea. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://go.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=9797022&src=rss/worldNews)

### Related:

1. [The Kyodo news agency reports that the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo that could complicate relations with China and South Korea. ](/news/2014/10/17/the-kyodo-news-agency-reports-that-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sent-a-ritual-offering-to-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-in-tok.md) _Context: Chinese, Prime Minister, South Korea, Yasukuni Shrine_
2. [Japanese cabinet minister Yoshitaka Shindo visits the controversial Yasukuni Shrine potentially causing conflict with the Philippines, South Korea and the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2013/10/18/japanese-cabinet-minister-yoshitaka-shinda-visits-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-potentially-causing-conflict-with-the-philippines-sout.md) _Context: Chinese, South Korea, Yasukuni Shrine_
3. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers, Jin Matsubara and Yuichiro Hata, visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine amid territorial disputes with both the People's Republic of China and South Korea. ](/news/2012/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-jin-matsubara-and-yuichiro-hata-visit-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-amid-territorial-disputes-with-both.md) _Context: Chinese, South Korea, Yasukuni Shrine_
4. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister, Yasukuni Shrine_
5. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister, Yasukuni Shrine_
6. [South Korea and the People's Republic of China will hold talks to develop a joint response to last week's North Korean nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/14/south-korea-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-will-hold-talks-to-develop-a-joint-response-to-last-week-s-north-korean-nuclear-test.md) _Context: Chinese, South Korea_
7. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Prime Minister, South Korea_
8. [South Korea announces that  Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a  final settlement concerning sex slavery  during World War II. ''The Nikkei'' reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/PS556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and  is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-tow.md) _Context: Prime Minister, South Korea_
9. [The leaders of the People's Republic of China, South Korea and Japan hold their first summit in three years. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-leaders-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-south-korea-and-japan-hold-their-first-summit-in-three-years.md) _Context: Chinese, South Korea_
10. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: South Korea, Yasukuni Shrine_
