### [2005-09-30](/news/2005/09/30/index.md)

#   An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4304894.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4296774.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  A joint Israeli-Palestinian doctors group has filed a petition to the Supreme Court of Israel requesting an end to the Israel Defense Forces use of sonic booms to terrify the Palestinian populace. The Doctors complain that the "sound bombs" cause widespread fear, induce miscarriages and traumatise children. The United Nations claim that the tactic causes panic attacks in children and has smashed thousands of windows. ](/news/2005/11/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-joint-israeli-palestinian-doctors-group-has-filed-a-petition-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-requesting-an.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli forces fire on pro-Palestinian protesters attempting to breach the Syrian-Israeli border in the Golan Heights on Naksa Day, marking the anniversary of the 1967 Six Day War; Syrian sources claim that close to 20 people are killed and over 325 injured, while Israeli officials confirm at least 12 injures. ](/news/2011/06/5/israeli-forces-fire-on-pro-palestinian-protesters-attempting-to-breach-the-syrian-israeli-border-in-the-golan-heights-on-naksa-day-marking.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
5. [ The Israel Defense Forces bomb the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian rocket and mortar fire. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-israel-defense-forces-bomb-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-fire.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
6. [ Israel will pay US$50,000 to the family of a Palestinian man who was killed by the country's Defense Forces in December 2003. ](/news/2009/02/15/israel-will-pay-us-50-000-to-the-family-of-a-palestinian-man-who-was-killed-by-the-country-s-defense-forces-in-december-2003.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
7. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
