### [2005-09-30](/news/2005/09/30/index.md)

#  ''New York Times'' journalist Judith Miller testifies before a federal grand jury and identifies Lewis Libby, Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, as her confidential source for a non-published story about the  unmasking of a CIA agent in 2003. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/09/30/cia.leak/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ ''The New York Times'' reporter Judith Miller is released from federal jail after receiving a waiver from her news source, allowing her to testify in the investigation of the outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame. [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/09/29/cia.leak/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050930/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/cia_leak_investigation (Yahoo News)] (Link dead as of 00:44, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/29/the-new-york-times-reporter-judith-miller-is-released-from-federal-jail-after-receiving-a-waiver-from-her-news-source-allowing-her-to.md) _Context: CIA, CIA leak scandal, Judith Miller_
2. [ ''New York Times'' reporter Judith Miller is jailed for refusing to divulge her source in an investigation around the leak of a CIA operative's name. ](/news/2005/07/6/new-york-times-reporter-judith-miller-is-jailed-for-refusing-to-divulge-her-source-in-an-investigation-around-the-leak-of-a-cia-operati.md) _Context: CIA, Judith Miller, New York Times_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush commutes Scooter Libby's prison sentence with a Grant of Executive Clemency for his role in the Plame Affair. ](/news/2007/07/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-commutes-scooter-libby-s-prison-sentence-with-a-grant-of-executive-clemency-for-his-role-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: CIA leak scandal, Scooter Libby_
4. [ United States v. Libby: I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Jr., former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, is sentenced to 30 months in prison after being convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice in the CIA leak grand jury investigation. ](/news/2007/06/5/united-states-v-libby-i-lewis-scooter-libby-jr-former-chief-of-staff-to-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-sentenced-to-30-months-in-pr.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Scooter Libby_
5. [ Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Chief of Staff to U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney, resigns after being indicted for perjury and obstruction of justice by a grand jury. ](/news/2005/10/28/lewis-scooter-libby-chief-of-staff-to-u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-resigns-after-being-indicted-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justi.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Scooter Libby_
6. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
7. [The ''New York Times'' reports that Russian hackers read President of the United States unclassified emails indicating that the breach of the White House's computer system was more extensive than previously revealed. ](/news/2015/04/25/the-new-york-times-reports-that-russian-hackers-read-president-of-the-united-states-unclassified-emails-indicating-that-the-breach-of-th.md) _Context: New York Times_
8. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA_
9. [The US Eastern District Court of Virginia convicts a disgruntled former CIA officer, Jeffrey Alexander Sterling, of leaking secrets to a reporter. All nine charges he faced stem from a secret CIA mission to derail Iran's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-eastern-district-court-of-virginia-convicts-a-disgruntled-former-cia-officer-jeffrey-alexander-sterling-of-leaking-secrets-to-a-rep.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. ](/news/2014/12/9/the-democrat-controlled-united-states-senate-select-committee-on-intelligence-releases-a-report-critical-of-the-post-september-11-bush-admin.md) _Context: CIA_
