### [2005-09-30](/news/2005/09/30/index.md)

#  U.S. Senator Harry Reid, and other Democrats, criticize talk show host William Bennett for saying: "You could abort every black baby in this country, and your crime rate would go down." 




### Source:

1. [WLTX](http://www.wltx.com/news/news19.aspx?storyid=31001)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nevada) announces he will not seek re-election to the United States Senate and intends to retire at the end of his term in January 2017. ](/news/2015/03/27/u-s-senate-minority-leader-harry-reid-d-nevada-announces-he-will-not-seek-re-election-to-the-united-states-senate-and-intends-to-retire-a.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid, United States Senate_
2. [ U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and his fellow Democrats force a closed session of the Senate over misinformed intelligence that led to the Iraq War and evasion of a congressional inquiry. ](/news/2005/11/1/u-s-senate-minority-leader-harry-reid-and-his-fellow-democrats-force-a-closed-session-of-the-senate-over-misinformed-intelligence-that-led.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid, United States Senate_
3. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
4. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
6. [Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, and the Governor of Indiana Mike Pence hold the first and only vice-presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. ](/news/2016/10/4/democratic-senator-tim-kaine-and-the-governor-of-indiana-mike-pence-hold-the-first-and-only-vice-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
7. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
8. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
9. [Elections in the United States; Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over  Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts  reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/elections-in-the-united-states-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winner-of-the-october-24-open-primary-is-ele.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
10. [Elections in the United States; Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
