### [2017-06-7](/news/2017/06/7/index.md)

# Political appointments of Donald Trump. United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/us/politics/christopher-wray-fbi-director.html)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments of Donald Trump_
2. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016. The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-depart.md) _Context: Donald Trump, FBI_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [2017 North Korea crisis. U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Australia-United States relations. Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Russia-United States relations. President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
