### [2017-06-7](/news/2017/06/7/index.md)

# United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/us/politics/christopher-wray-fbi-director.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments of Donald Trump_
2. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, FBI_
3. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-americaas-adversaries-through-sanctions-act-prime-minister-of-russia-dmi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Aftermath of the During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastruct.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-92a5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation.md) _Context: Christopher A. Wray_
