### [2003-09-8](/news/2003/09/8/index.md)

#  "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.




### Related:

1. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Congress, George W. Bush, Iraq_
2. [ US President George W. Bush pledges 4,500 troops to Afghanistan over the next few months and orders 8,000 troops currently stationed in Iraq to be home by February. ](/news/2008/09/9/us-president-george-w-bush-pledges-4-500-troops-to-afghanistan-over-the-next-few-months-and-orders-8-000-troops-currently-stationed-in-ira.md) _Context: Afghanistan, George W. Bush, Iraq_
3. [ President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/10/president-george-w-bush-approves-8-200-more-united-states-troops-for-iraq-and-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, George W. Bush, Iraq_
4. [ Memorial Day: President Bush honors the United States' war dead of past conflicts, and says that "two terror regimes are gone forever" in Iraq and Afghanistan as US deaths there climb to 1,000. ](/news/2004/05/31/memorial-day-president-bush-honors-the-united-states-war-dead-of-past-conflicts-and-says-that-two-terror-regimes-are-gone-forever-in-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan, George W. Bush, Iraq_
5. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, terrorism_
6. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Afghanistan, George W. Bush, terrorism_
7. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
8. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
9. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: Congress, Iraq_
10. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
