### [2016-07-23](/news/2016/07/23/index.md)

# An article in  ''New York'' magazine speculates that the pilot may have deliberately crashed the plane into the Southern Ocean. 




### Source:

1. [New York'' magazine](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/07/mh370-pilot-flew-suicide-route-on-home-simulator.html)

### Related:

1. [The underwater search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been suspended. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-underwater-search-for-missing-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-has-been-suspended.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-as-it-plunged-into.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines-flight-370.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
5. [Investigators hypothesise that the plane may be further to the north than the current search area. ](/news/2016/07/27/investigators-hypothesise-that-the-plane-may-be-further-to-the-north-than-the-current-search-area.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [The Government of Malaysia confirms that two more pieces of debris found in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off the coast of Mauritius are "almost certainly" from Malaysia Airlines 370  that disappeared two years ago. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-government-of-malaysia-confirms-that-two-more-pieces-of-debris-found-in-south-africa-and-rodrigues-island-off-the-coast-of-mauritius-are.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [A Malaysian court dismisses  Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore  has no liability to relatives. The court ruled  MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people-who-went-missing-on-flight-37.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
8. [Australian infrastructure and transport minister Darren Chester says in a statement that debris recovered this month in Mozambique was highly likely to be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight. ](/news/2016/03/24/australian-infrastructure-and-transport-minister-darren-chester-says-in-a-statement-that-debris-recovered-this-month-in-mozambique-was-highl.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
9. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
10. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
