### [2016-07-23](/news/2016/07/23/index.md)

# Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. 

The emails detail how bitter the relationship became, Bernie Sanders emerged as a real threat Hillary Clinton.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2016/07/leaked-emails-show-dnc-hostility-sanders-160723174522015.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/07/22/on-eve-of-democratic-convention-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-about-clinton-the-campaign-and-internal-deliberations/)
3. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/emails-released-wikileaks-show-dnc-aid-hillary-clinton/story?id=40815253)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/22/politics/dnc-wikileaks-emails/)
5. [Mediaite](http://www.mediaite.com/online/robert-reich-rips-debbie-wasserman-schultz-over-dnc-leak-fire-her-now/)
6. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/bernie-sanders-campaign-chief-accountable-dnc-emails-show/story?id=40825318)

### Related:

1. [Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns from her position as Chairperson of the Democratic National Committee. Wasserman Schultz had reportedly been removed from a speaking role after a WikiLeaks email leak proved her implicit support of Hillary Clinton's campaign during the primaries. Her resignation will take effect upon the close of the convention. Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair. ](/news/2016/07/24/debbie-wasserman-schultz-resigns-from-her-position-as-chairperson-of-the-democratic-national-committee-wasserman-schultz-had-reportedly-bee.md) _Context: Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton, the email leak_
2. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
3. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
4. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, WikiLeaks_
5. [Three top staffers leave the Democratic National Committee 100 days before elections in early November as a result of the email leak. ](/news/2016/08/2/three-top-staffers-leave-the-democratic-national-committee-100-days-before-elections-in-early-november-as-a-result-of-the-email-leak.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, the email leak_
6. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
7. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
8. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
9. [In the  Missouri Primary, media outlets have held off calling yesterday's  races due to the extremely close results. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead in their party's vote, but by just two-tenths of 1 percent ahead of Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders, respectively. Missouri law states a recount may be requested if the margin is less than half a percentage point. Either Cruz or Sanders or both can request a recount. These results are unofficial, until they're certified by the  Missouri Secretary of State, which reportedly  could take up to four weeks. Trump leads by about 1,700 votes and Clinton's edge is about 1,500. The state also needs to count the remaining absentee and provisional ballots; the deadline for overseas ballots is noon Friday. ](/news/2016/03/16/in-the-missouri-primary-media-outlets-have-held-off-calling-yesterday-s-races-due-to-the-extremely-close-results-donald-trump-and-hillar.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
10. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic National Committee_
