### [2016-07-23](/news/2016/07/23/index.md)

# July 2016 Kabul bombing: Afghan officials report at least 80 people are killed and more than 230 injured as twin suicide blasts hit a large demonstration of the Shiite Hazara community over a power route line at Dehmazang Circle, Kabul, Afghanistan. The Islamic State claims responsibility. 

The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the recent twin explosions that rocked the Afghan capital of Kabul on Friday evening. 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36874570/)
2. [India Today](http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/10-dead-several-wounded-in-kabul-explosion-near-large-mass-demonstration/1/722154.html/)
3. [News World India](http://newsworldindia.in/world/is-claims-responsibility-for-kabul-attack/209589/)
4. [Pakistan Today](http://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2016/07/23/national/twin-blasts-in-kabul-kill-50/)
5. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/afghanistan-protests-idINKCN10308D)

### Related:

1. [The Afghan capital Kabul is locked down as members of the Hazara community protest the proposed route of a power line. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-afghan-capital-kabul-is-locked-down-as-members-of-the-hazara-community-protest-the-proposed-route-of-a-power-line.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hazara, Kabul_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hazara, Kabul_
3. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
4. [War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike: The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least five people and wounds ten more near government offices in Kabul. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-five-people-and-wounds-ten-more-near-government-offices-in-kabul-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kabul_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): March 2017 Kabul attack: A suicide bomber and unidentified gunmen dressed as doctors attack a military hospital in Kabul, killing at least 38 people and wounding dozens more. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/03/8/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-march-2017-kabul-attack-a-suicide-bomber-and-unidentified-gunmen-dressed-as-doctors-attack-a-military.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kabul_
8. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing: At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite_
