### [2016-07-23](/news/2016/07/23/index.md)

# "Philippines v. China": Cambodia and Laos cause discord at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting after they block a joint statement by the group regarding the South China Sea. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southchinasea-ruling-asean-idUSKCN1030KU?il=0)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/07/23/world/asia/ap-as-southeast-asian-meetings.html)

### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia continues to block consensus in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. The country has political and economical dependencies with China. ](/news/2016/07/24/philippines-v-china-cambodia-continues-to-block-consensus-in-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-the-country-has-politic.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations, Cambodia, Philippines v. China_
2. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
3. [International reactions to Philippines v. China: Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, "Philippines v. China": Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-vietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gath.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
5. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
6. ["Philippines v. China": On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
7. [An Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) meeting in Malaysia fails to agree on a joint communique following disagreement between China and other nations over the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/11/4/an-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean-meeting-in-malaysia-fails-to-agree-on-a-joint-communique-following-disagreement-between-ch.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations, South China Sea_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippin.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
9. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
10. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines submits to The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration a 3,000-page document containing additional volumes of arguments, evidence, and maps seeking to nullify China-s sweeping claim over the resource-rich South China Sea. ](/news/2015/03/17/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-submits-to-the-hague-based-permanent-court-of-arbitration-a-3-000-page-document-containing-additiona.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
