### [2016-07-23](/news/2016/07/23/index.md)

# President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. 

President Tayyip Erdogan tightened his grip on Turkey on Saturday, ordering the closure of thousands of private schools, charities and other institutions in his first decree since imposing a state of emergency after the failed military coup.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-security-emergency-idUSKCN1030BC)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160723&t=2&i=1146782784&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC6M0NO)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influentia.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
2. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
3. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
4. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
5. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
6. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-und.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
9. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan returns to Istanbul Ataturk Airport indicating that the coup may be faltering. ](/news/2016/07/16/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-returns-to-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-indicating-that-the-coup-may-be-faltering.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
