### [2003-03-7](/news/2003/03/7/index.md)

#  Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: The foreign ministers of France, Germany and Russia indicate that they will oppose any UN Security Council proposals that would authorize war with Iraq.](/news/2003/03/5/iraq-disarmament-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-france-germany-and-russia-indicate-that-they-will-oppose-any-un-security-council-proposa.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis, UN Security Council_
2. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Key documents presented as evidence that the US should invade Iraq are revealed as forgeries. The documents stated that Niger was selling 500 tons of uranium to Iraq. One, dated 2000, was on stationery from the military government of the 1980s and referred to a foreign minister who had not been in power for 14 years; another bore a signature of the president of Niger that was an obvious fake. Iraq's supposed acquisition of African uranium was a feature in Colin Powell's speech to the UN Security Council in February and in George W. Bush's State of the Union Address. Senator John Rockefeller asked the FBI to investigate the origin of the documents. Rockefeller expressed concern that the forgeries "may be part of a larger deception campaign aimed at manipulating public opinion and foreign policy regarding Iraq."](/news/2003/03/14/iraq-disarmament-crisis-key-documents-presented-as-evidence-that-the-us-should-invade-iraq-are-revealed-as-forgeries-the-documents-stated.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis, UN Security Council_
3. [ Israel's Foreign Ministry announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. ](/news/2016/12/27/israel-s-foreign-ministry-announces-that-it-is-reducing-ties-with-some-of-the-un-security-council-countries-that-voted-to-pass-united-nat.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
4. [In compliance with recent UN Security Council resolutons, President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announces an end to security and military cooperation with North Korea. ](/news/2016/05/29/in-compliance-with-recent-un-security-council-resolutons-president-yoweri-museveni-of-uganda-announces-an-end-to-security-and-military-coop.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
5. [Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea join the UN Security Council. ](/news/2013/01/1/argentina-australia-luxembourg-rwanda-and-south-korea-join-the-un-security-council.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
6. [Diplomats from the European Union, Non-aligned Movement and the Arab States Group on the UN Security Council criticise Israeli settlement activities in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. ](/news/2011/12/20/diplomats-from-the-european-union-non-aligned-movement-and-the-arab-states-group-on-the-un-security-council-criticise-israeli-settlement-ac.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
7. [Talks between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany break down without an agreement to end the eight-year-old impasse over Iran's nuclear program, after Iranian officials refused to negotiate unless preconditions including an immediate halt to UN sanctions on Iran were met. ](/news/2011/01/23/talks-between-iran-and-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-un-security-council-plus-germany-break-down-without-an-agreement-to-end-the-eight-y.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
8. [Palestine calls for the "immediate, full lifting of the Israeli blockade" and "the sustained opening of Gaza's border crossings for the movement of persons and goods." during a debate at the UN Security Council.](/news/2011/01/19/palestine-calls-for-the-immediate-full-lifting-of-the-israeli-blockade-and-the-sustained-opening-of-gaza-s-border-crossings-for-the-move.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama backs a permanent seat for India on the UN Security Council. ](/news/2010/11/8/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-backs-a-permanent-seat-for-india-on-the-un-security-council.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
10. [Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said that Iran has agreed to hold talks with the five UN Security Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1) in Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/7/iranian-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-said-that-iran-has-agreed-to-hold-talks-with-the-five-un-security-council-permanent-members-and.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
