### [2003-03-7](/news/2003/03/7/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: Two of Osama bin Laden's sons are rumored to have been arrested in a skirmish in southern Afghanistan. This report was denied by both United States and Pakistani officials.




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden, War on Terrorism_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
3. [Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed. ](/news/2010/06/1/al-qaeda-s-top-leader-in-afghanistan-and-osama-bin-laden-s-third-in-command-mustafa-abu-al-yazid-is-reported-killed.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
4. [ Muhammed Rahim, an al-Qaeda member who helped Osama bin Laden escape from Tora Bora, Afghanistan in 2001, is taken to the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2008/03/14/muhammed-rahim-an-al-qaeda-member-who-helped-osama-bin-laden-escape-from-tora-bora-afghanistan-in-2001-is-taken-to-the-guantanamo-bay-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
5. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
6. [ President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan. CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. ](/news/2005/07/9/president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-says-at-a-press-conference-that-he-does-not-believe-that-osama-bin-laden-is-in-afghanistan-cia-chief.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
7. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
8. [ Abdurahman Khadr, a suspected terrorist, and his family confess on CBC national television that "We are an al-Qaeda family" and that they lived with Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan.](/news/2004/03/3/abdurahman-khadr-a-suspected-terrorist-and-his-family-confess-on-cbc-national-television-that-we-are-an-al-qaeda-family-and-that-they-l.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
9. [ U.S. forces launch new offensive aimed at the Taliban and al-Qaeda and the capture of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar in Afghanistan. ](/news/2004/03/13/u-s-forces-launch-new-offensive-aimed-at-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda-and-the-capture-of-osama-bin-laden-and-mullah-omar-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
10. [ War on Terrorism: Suspected al Qaeda member tried unsuccessfully to enter the country around the same time as the September 11 hijackers may have been part of a plan to launch other attacks on targets in the United States. Identities of the suspects were discovered after a comparison of visa applications received before September 11 with names recovered from documents seized in caves in Afghanistan. Roger Cressey, former director for counterterrorism for the National Security Council, states the attack may have been "not on 9/11 but certainly afterward. [Osama] bin Laden and his people think strategically."](/news/2003/11/6/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaeda-member-tried-unsuccessfully-to-enter-the-country-around-the-same-time-as-the-september-11-hijackers-ma.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War on Terrorism_
