### [2002-09-22](/news/2002/09/22/index.md)

#  A new Bundestag (German parliament) is chosen. In a very tight election, Gerhard Schrder defeats Edmund Stoiber to remain Chancellor. The German Green Party does very well. The coalition between the SPD and the German Green Party continue with Joschka Fischer as vice chancellor. Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS) People:  Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)




### Related:

1. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Bundestag, CSU, Chancellor, SPD_
2. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: CSU, Chancellor, SPD_
3. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder has declared that he will seek the next German federal election to be held this autumn, a year earlier than set out by the constitution, after the CDU and FDP defeated the Social Democrats (SPD), who were in coalition with the Greens, at the regional election in North Rhine-Westphalia. ](/news/2005/05/22/german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-has-declared-that-he-will-seek-the-next-german-federal-election-to-be-held-this-autumn-a-year-earlier-t.md) _Context: Chancellor, FDP, Gerhard Schrder_
4. [ The German Bundestag made Gerhard Schrder again Chancellor. He was elected with 305 votes, one vote out of the 306 red-green coalition missing. After that, the new ministers of the Bundesregierung were appointed.](/news/2002/10/22/the-german-bundestag-made-gerhard-schroder-again-chancellor-he-was-elected-with-305-votes-one-vote-out-of-the-306-red-green-coalition-mis.md) _Context: Bundestag, Chancellor, Gerhard Schrder_
5. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
6. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
7. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: FDP, SPD_
8. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
9. [ Kurt Beck, the chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany steps down. According to media reports, Frank Walter Steinmeier will become the candidate for Chancellor of Germany in the 2009 elections. ](/news/2008/09/7/kurt-beck-the-chairman-of-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-steps-down-according-to-media-reports-frank-walter-steinmeier-will-beco.md) _Context: Chancellor, SPD_
10. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
