### [2002-09-22](/news/2002/09/22/index.md)

#  Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS) People: Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)




### Related:

1. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Bundestag, CSU, SPD_
2. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
3. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
4. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: FDP, SPD_
5. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
6. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
7. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
8. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Bundestag_
9. [Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl dies at the age of 87. ](/news/2017/06/16/former-german-chancellor-helmut-kohl-dies-at-the-age-of-87.md) _Context: Politics of Germany_
10. [The Bundestag approves a ban on burqas being worn by members of the German civil service. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-bundestag-approves-a-ban-on-burqas-being-worn-by-members-of-the-german-civil-service.md) _Context: Bundestag_
