### [2000-12-1](/news/2000/12/1/index.md)

#  Vicente Fox takes office as President of Mexico.




### Related:

1. [Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox calls for the legalisation of drugs in Mexico. ](/news/2010/08/9/former-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-calls-for-the-legalisation-of-drugs-in-mexico.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
2. [ Disputed Mexican election: Deputies and senators of the PRD occupy the stage of Congress and prevent President Vicente Fox from delivering his final State of the Nation speech. Fox later addresses the nation on an all-channel telecast. ](/news/2006/09/1/disputed-mexican-election-deputies-and-senators-of-the-prd-occupy-the-stage-of-congress-and-prevent-president-vicente-fox-from-delivering.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
3. [ President of Mexico Vicente Fox begins a tour of the United States in Salt Lake City by criticizing a proposed border wall. This comes amid the U.S. Senate passing a sweeping immigration bill. ](/news/2006/05/24/president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-begins-a-tour-of-the-united-states-in-salt-lake-city-by-criticizing-a-proposed-border-wall-this-comes-amid.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
4. [ President of Mexico Vicente Fox begins a tour of the United States in Salt Lake City.](/news/2006/05/23/president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-begins-a-tour-of-the-united-states-in-salt-lake-city.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
5. [ The President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, increases his personal security after an advisor reportedly leaked his itinerary to a Mexican drug cartel. ](/news/2005/02/8/the-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-increases-his-personal-security-after-an-advisor-reportedly-leaked-his-itinerary-to-a-mexican-drug-ca.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
6. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: President_
7. [Mexico-United States relations: U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexico-united-states-relations-u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: President_
8. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: President_
9. [Mexican legislative election, 2015: Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: President_
10. [Mexican inauguration:: Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party is sworn in as the President of Mexico as violent clashes occur outside. ](/news/2012/12/1/mexican-inauguration-enrique-pea-a-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-mexico-as-violent-clashe.md) _Context: President_
