### [2014-12-7](/news/2014/12/7/index.md)

# Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing  Louisiana in the United States Senate  to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. 

BATON ROUGE, La. -- Republicans completed their conquest of the Senate on Saturday when Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy defeated Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu in a runoff election in Louisiana.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/southern-democrats-senate-nearly-extinct-landrieu-loses-289897)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2014/12/06/cassidy-landrieu-senate-runoff/20000201/)

### Related:

1. [Elections in the United States; Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over  Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts  reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/elections-in-the-united-states-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winner-of-the-october-24-open-primary-is-ele.md) _Context: Democrat, Louisiana, Republican, Senator_
2. [Elections in the United States; Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator, second round_
3. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
4. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democrat, Louisiana, Republican_
5. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
6. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
8. [ U.S. Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) undergoes surgery after suffering a brain hemorrhage due to an arteriovenous malformation. If he is incapacitated, the Republican Party Governor of South Dakota, Mike Rounds, will be able to appoint his replacement, potentially changing the balance of the Senate. ](/news/2006/12/14/u-s-senator-tim-johnson-d-sd-undergoes-surgery-after-suffering-a-brain-hemorrhage-due-to-an-arteriovenous-malformation-if-he-is-incapac.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
9. [ Braving the threat of a veto from United States President George W. Bush, U.S. Senate Republicans joined Democrats, voting ](/news/2005/10/5/braving-the-threat-of-a-veto-from-united-states-president-george-w-bush-u-s-senate-republicans-joined-democrats-voting.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
10. [ Paul Hackett, who in August narrowly lost an April 2005 by-election for an Ohio U.S. House of Representatives seat to Jean Schmidt, announced that he will seek the Democratic Senate nomination to run against incumbent Ohio Senator Mike DeWine, a Republican.  ](/news/2005/10/25/paul-hackett-who-in-august-narrowly-lost-an-april-2005-by-election-for-an-ohio-u-s-house-of-representatives-seat-to-jean-schmidt-announc.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, Senator_
