### [2014-12-7](/news/2014/12/7/index.md)

# ''Philippines v. China''China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. 

BEIJING (Reuters) - China denounced the Philippines on Sunday for putting it under political pressure with an international arbitration case over disputed waters, and refused again to participate a week ahead of a deadline to respond in the case.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://mobile.bloomberg.com/news/2014-12-07/china-rejects-arbitration-of-disputes-in-south-china-sea.html)
2. [The Sunday Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/asia/south-east-asia/story/china-denounces-the-philippines-its-pressure-over-sea-dispute-arbitr)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south.md) _Context: China, Philippine, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
2. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippine, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
3. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: China, Philippine, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
4. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippines-case-against-china-over-maritime-disputes.md) _Context: China, Philippine, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
5. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: China, Philippine, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
6. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines submits to The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration a 3,000-page document containing additional volumes of arguments, evidence, and maps seeking to nullify China's sweeping claim over the resource-rich South China Sea. ](/news/2015/03/17/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-submits-to-the-hague-based-permanent-court-of-arbitration-a-3-000-page-document-containing-addition.md) _Context: China, Philippine, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
7. [Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill-in-the-disputed-south-china-sea-raising-tensions.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
8. [A Japanese Navy submarine makes a port call in the Philippines, the first in fifteen years, in a show of growing military cooperation amid tension triggered by China's growing assertiveness in the South China Sea. It was escorted into the former U.S. Naval Base at Subic Bay by two Japanese destroyers on a tour of Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/04/3/a-japanese-navy-submarine-makes-a-port-call-in-the-philippines-the-first-in-fifteen-years-in-a-show-of-growing-military-cooperation-amid-t.md) _Context: China, Philippine, South China Sea_
9. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, Philippine, South China Sea_
10. [Filipino fishermen say China has deployed up to five ships around the disputed Quirino Atoll, also known as Jackson Atoll, in the South China Sea, preventing them from accessing traditional fishing grounds. ](/news/2016/03/1/filipino-fishermen-say-china-has-deployed-up-to-five-ships-around-the-disputed-quirino-atoll-also-known-as-jackson-atoll-in-the-south-chin.md) _Context: China, Philippine, South China Sea_
