### [2014-12-7](/news/2014/12/7/index.md)

# The Saudi Interior Ministry arrests 135 on terrorism offences, including dozens suspected of links to Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 

Interior ministry says some of those arrested were linked to ISIL and were planning attacks inside the Kingdom.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/12/saudi-arrests-135-people-terrorism-charges-2014127224758210316.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [2017 Barcelona attack. A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Battle of Mosul. Three female ISIL suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/battle-of-mosul-three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
