### [2015-06-13](/news/2015/06/13/index.md)

# The Taliban kill 20 policemen in an attack in Helmand, Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [WTVM](http://www.wtvm.com/story/29311296/afghan-official-taliban-kill-20-police-officers-in-attack)

### Related:

1. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District  in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia-spokesman-naqib-ah.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network,  comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as  the  Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [''The New York Times'' reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's  abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed  to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the ''Times'' reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted.  Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan:Taliban militants execute a 7-year-old boy for "spying for the government" in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan, in an increasing wave of killings. ](/news/2010/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-militants-execute-a-7-year-old-boy-for-spying-for-the-government-in-helmand-province-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Helmand, Taliban_
6. [A joint NATO and Afghan military operation is succeeding in pushing Taliban fighters from their strongholds in Helmand province. ](/news/2010/02/15/a-joint-nato-and-afghan-military-operation-is-succeeding-in-pushing-taliban-fighters-from-their-strongholds-in-helmand-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Helmand, Taliban_
7. [ The United States armed forces launch Operation Strike of the Sword against the Taliban in Helmand, Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/07/2/the-united-states-armed-forces-launch-operation-strike-of-the-sword-against-the-taliban-in-helmand-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Helmand, Taliban_
8. [  The United States-led coalition kills 30 Taliban militants in fighting in western Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/08/22/the-united-states-led-coalition-kills-30-taliban-militants-in-fighting-in-western-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
9. [A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-people-the-taliban-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
10. [At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-northern-city-of-mazar-i-sh.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
