### [2011-05-7](/news/2011/05/7/index.md)

# British Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable launches a fierce attack on the tactics of his party's Conservative coalition partners as "ruthless, calculating and very tribal" for the way they conducted themselves in the Alternative Vote referendum. 

Lib Dem Business Secretary Vince Cable attacks the Conservatives as &quot;ruthless, calculating and very tribal&quot; but insists the coalition will continue.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13320029)

### Related:

1. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
2. [The British Press Complaints Commission has ruled that the "Daily Telegraph" breached rules on the use of subterfuge when it sent reporters to secretly tape Liberal Democrat ministers, including Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, late last year. ](/news/2011/05/10/the-british-press-complaints-commission-has-ruled-that-the-daily-telegraph-breached-rules-on-the-use-of-subterfuge-when-it-sent-reporters.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
3. [In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. ](/news/2011/04/24/in-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-energy-and-climate-change-chris-huhne-of-liberal-democrats-threatens-legal-action-over-untrut.md) _Context: Alternative Vote referendum, Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
4. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
5. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:. Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
7. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
8. [British Business Secretary Vince Cable apologises after confidential documents are discovered dumped in waste bins outside his constituency office. ](/news/2011/11/4/british-business-secretary-vince-cable-apologises-after-confidential-documents-are-discovered-dumped-in-waste-bins-outside-his-constituency.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
9. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
10. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
