### [2011-05-7](/news/2011/05/7/index.md)

# The Scottish National Party urges British Prime Minister David Cameron to amend the Scotland Bill to give the Scottish Parliament greater legislative powers. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-13321478)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/52594000/jpg/_52594934_011917199-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Smith Commission, established by UK Prime Minister David Cameron to look at enhanced devolution for Scotland following the independence referendum, publishes its report, recommending the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to set income tax rates and bands. ](/news/2014/11/27/the-smith-commission-established-by-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-look-at-enhanced-devolution-for-scotland-following-the-independence.md) _Context: David Cameron, Scottish Parliament_
2. [Two MSPs - John Finnie and Jean Urquhart - resign from the Scottish National Party over its stance on NATO, effectively reducing the party's absolute majority in the Scottish Parliament to two. ](/news/2012/10/23/two-msps-a-john-finnie-and-jean-urquhart-a-resign-from-the-scottish-national-party-over-its-stance-on-nato-effectively-reducing-the-par.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
3. [The Scottish Parliament meets for the first time since the victory of the Scottish National Party in the recent general election. ](/news/2011/05/11/the-scottish-parliament-meets-for-the-first-time-since-the-victory-of-the-scottish-national-party-in-the-recent-general-election.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
4. [ The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-labour-party-performs-poorly-in-local-and-regional-elections-in-the-uk-with-the-scottish-national-party-winning-the-most-seats-in-the.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
5. [ The Scottish National Party wins the Moray by-election, 2006 for the Moray constituency to the Scottish Parliament. ](/news/2006/04/27/the-scottish-national-party-wins-the-moray-by-election-2006-for-the-moray-constituency-to-the-scottish-parliament.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
6. [ The First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell, announces to the Scottish Parliament that the Executive intends to introduce a law to prohibit smoking in all public enclosed spaces in Scotland. Both of the ruling coalition parties, as well as the main opposition party, the SNP, are in favour and the move is likely to come into effect in spring 2006. ](/news/2004/11/9/the-first-minister-of-scotland-jack-mcconnell-announces-to-the-scottish-parliament-that-the-executive-intends-to-introduce-a-law-to-prohi.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
7. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron_
8. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: David Cameron_
9. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: David Cameron_
10. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: David Cameron_
