### [2011-05-7](/news/2011/05/7/index.md)

# Voters in Ecuador go to the polls for the Ecuadorian constitutional referendum with the government declaring victory based on exit polls. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Connecticut Post](http://www.ctpost.com/news/article/Ecuador-government-declares-referendum-victory-1370101.php)

### Related:

1. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: exit poll_
2. [Ecuadorian general election, 2017. Voters in Ecuador return to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, which Lenin Moreno of the socialist PAIS Alliance is predicted to narrowly win over the center-right Creating Opportunities's Guillermo Lasso. With 94.18% of the votes counted, Moreno leads with 51.07%. According to the national election commission, it was a transparent and successful election. ](/news/2017/04/2/ecuadorian-general-election-2017-voters-in-ecuador-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-which-lenan-moren.md) _Context: Ecuador_
3. [Bulgarian parliamentary election, 2017. Official results of yesterday's election are released today. An exit poll showed the centre-right GERB winning the most votes. ](/news/2017/03/27/bulgarian-parliamentary-election-2017-official-results-of-yesterday-s-election-are-released-today-an-exit-poll-showed-the-centre-right-ge.md) _Context: exit poll_
4. [Dutch general election, 2017. Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/dutch-general-election-2017-voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-mini.md) _Context: exit poll_
5. [Colombian peace process. The National Liberation Army releases former congressman Odin Sanchez, who had been held hostage by the rebel group since April 2016, paving the way for peace talks to begin between the rebels and the Colombian government next week in Ecuador. ](/news/2017/02/2/colombian-peace-process-the-national-liberation-army-releases-former-congressman-odin-sanchez-who-had-been-held-hostage-by-the-rebel-group.md) _Context: Ecuador_
6. [Italian constitutional referendum, 2016. Italians go to the polls to for a referendum on whether to approve a constitutional law that amends the Constitution of Italy to reform the powers of the Italian Parliament. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who introduced the referendum bill, resigns after exit polls show that the no case is likely to be successful. ](/news/2016/12/4/italian-constitutional-referendum-2016-italians-go-to-the-polls-to-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-approve-a-constitutional-law-that-amends.md) _Context: exit poll_
7. [Russian legislative election, 2016. Russian voters head to the polls to elect all 450 MPs to the 7th State Duma of the Russian Federation. Exit polls show the governing United Russia party with a comfortable lead. ](/news/2016/09/18/russian-legislative-election-2016-russian-voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-all-450-mps-to-the-7th-state-duma-of-the-russian-federation-e.md) _Context: exit poll_
8. [Non-aligned Movement. Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Ecuador_
9. [Italian local elections, 2016. Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: exit poll_
10. [A powerful 6.7 magnitude earthquake hits Ecuador near the town of Muisne, one person is killed. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-powerful-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-hits-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-one-person-is-killed.md) _Context: Ecuador_
