### [2013-06-5](/news/2013/06/5/index.md)

# Nawaz Sharif is sworn in as the Prime Minister of Pakistan and calls for an end to U.S. drone attacks. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia/2013/06/2013658436429285.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22779669)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-office-following-a-verdic.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-capital-islamabad-against.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif bows to opposition demands that he ask Pakistan's chief justice to set up an independent commission to investigate offshore accounts linked to his family. Sharif said he would accept the commission's findings and even resign if called upon. ](/news/2016/04/23/prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-bows-to-opposition-demands-that-he-ask-pakistan-s-chief-justice-to-set-up-an-independent-commission.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [At least 230 people have been injured in clashes between opponents of Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif and police in Islamabad. ](/news/2014/08/30/at-least-230-people-have-been-injured-in-clashes-between-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-and-police-in-islamabad.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [Pakistan protestsThe Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/pakistan-protestspthe-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-national.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
