### [2013-06-5](/news/2013/06/5/index.md)

# The International Monetary Fund (IMF) says it underestimated the damage austerity would do to Greece. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2013/jun/05/imf-underestimated-damage-austerity-would-do-to-greece)

### Related:

1. [Austerity measures of pay cuts and pension freeze supported by the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF) cause civil servants to stage a 24-hour strike in Greece. ](/news/2010/10/7/austerity-measures-of-pay-cuts-and-pension-freeze-supported-by-the-european-union-and-international-monetary-fund-imf-cause-civil-servants.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund, austerity measures_
2. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
3. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015: Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis timeline: Greece has formally requested a new bailout loan from the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/07/24/greek-government-debt-crisis-timeline-greece-has-formally-requested-a-new-bailout-loan-from-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
6. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
9. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:: New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
10. [The European Union and the International Monetary Fund agree to a bailout package for Greece that will provide approximately -120 billion to end the sovereign debt crisis in that country. ](/news/2010/05/2/the-european-union-and-the-international-monetary-fund-agree-to-a-bailout-package-for-greece-that-will-provide-approximately-120-billion.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
