### [2003-12-2](/news/2003/12/2/index.md)

#  Pirate copies of a pre-alpha version of Microsoft's Windows "Longhorn" operating system go on sale in Malaysia more than a year ahead of its expected release date. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/3255120.stm]




### Related:

1. [ With the first launch events in Auckland, New Zealand, at 1101 UTC (12:01am NZDT, January 30), the global launch of Microsoft Windows Vista commences. ](/news/2007/01/29/with-the-first-launch-events-in-auckland-new-zealand-at-1101-utc-12-01am-nzdt-january-30-the-global-launch-of-microsoft-windows-vista.md) _Context: Microsoft, Windows Vista_
2. [ Microsoft makes Windows Vista beta 2 available for general download. ](/news/2006/06/8/microsoft-makes-windows-vista-beta-2-available-for-general-download.md) _Context: Microsoft, Windows Vista_
3. [ Microsoft announces that the former codenamed "Windows Longhorn" will now officially be known as "Windows Vista". The first beta test will be launched on August 3.](/news/2005/07/22/microsoft-announces-that-the-former-codenamed-windows-longhorn-will-now-officially-be-known-as-windows-vista-the-first-beta-test-will.md) _Context: Microsoft, Windows Vista_
4. [Microsoft Paint: Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/microsoft-paint-amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its.md) _Context: Microsoft_
5. [Microsoft Paint: Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-paint-microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality.md) _Context: Microsoft_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea: Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Death of Kim Jong-nam: Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-north-korea-relations-death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-a.md) _Context: Malaysia_
