### [2003-12-2](/news/2003/12/2/index.md)

#  The Pentagon announces that U.S.-born illegal combatant and Taliban fighter Yaser Esam Hamdi will be allowed access to a lawyer after having been denied such counsel for two years. [http://www.myafghan.com/news2.asp?id=985750365&search=12/3/2003]




### Related:

1. [According to the Afghan Interior Ministry, Mullah Abdul Salam Akhund, a senior Taliban commander, is killed in a U.S. airstrike in Kunduz Province. ](/news/2017/02/27/according-to-the-afghan-interior-ministry-mullah-abdul-salam-akhund-a-senior-taliban-commander-is-killed-in-a-u-s-airstrike-in-kunduz-pr.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
2. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: The Pentagon, United States_
3. [The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-forces-who-are-facing-sustained-attacks.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
4. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
5. [A United Nations investigator calls on the United States to justify its increasing use of drones against al-Qaeda and Taliban targets. ](/news/2012/06/19/a-united-nations-investigator-calls-on-the-united-states-to-justify-its-increasing-use-of-drones-against-al-qaeda-and-taliban-targets.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
6. [Taliban insurgents attack the United States embassy, NATO headquarters and police buildings in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/13/taliban-insurgents-attack-the-united-states-embassy-nato-headquarters-and-police-buildings-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
7. [Israel buys 20 F-35I variant radar-evading fighter jets from the United States, Israel's first batch of advanced fighter jets which arm the country with the most sophisticated combat aircraft in the Middle East. Officials at The Pentagon acknowledge the sale. ](/news/2010/10/7/israel-buys-20-f-35i-variant-radar-evading-fighter-jets-from-the-united-states-israel-s-first-batch-of-advanced-fighter-jets-which-arm-the.md) _Context: The Pentagon, United States_
8. [The Pentagon vows to prevent "internal threats" in the United States. ](/news/2010/08/20/the-pentagon-vows-to-prevent-internal-threats-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: The Pentagon, United States_
9. [A United States missile attack on a militant compound in the village of Essori near Miranshah in the North Waziristan area of Pakistan kills 13 people. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-united-states-missile-attack-on-a-militant-compound-in-the-village-of-essori-near-miranshah-in-the-north-waziristan-area-of-pakistan-kills.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
10. [Two men imprisoned for nearly eight years in Guantanamo Bay are sent to Algeria and Cape Verde, according to the United States Pentagon, against their will. ](/news/2010/07/20/two-men-imprisoned-for-nearly-eight-years-in-guanta-namo-bay-are-sent-to-algeria-and-cape-verde-according-to-the-united-states-pentagon-ag.md) _Context: The Pentagon, United States_
