### [2016-09-17](/news/2016/09/17/index.md)

# Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. 

Turnout from 120-nation Cold War-era bloc has paled in comparison to past meetings with about 10 heads of state showing.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeer](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/09/venezuela-aligned-summit-fissles-maduro-160917212039058.html)

### Related:

1. [Nicolas Maduro, the Vice President of Venezuela, warns that President Hugo Chavez faces a "difficult" recovery from cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2012/12/12/nicola-s-maduro-the-vice-president-of-venezuela-warns-that-president-hugo-cha-vez-faces-a-difficult-recovery-from-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Cuba, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
2. [Mexico states that it has the support of Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Ghana, Guatemala, the Federated States of Micronesia, Panama, Senegal, Turkey, and Uruguay in pursuing its case against Arizona's immigration law. ](/news/2010/07/21/mexico-states-that-it-has-the-support-of-bolivia-cuba-ecuador-ghana-guatemala-the-federated-states-of-micronesia-panama-senegal-turk.md) _Context: Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador_
3. [ South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. ](/news/2008/03/2/south-american-diplomatic-crisis-president-hugo-chavez-orders-the-closure-of-the-venezuelan-embassy-in-colombia-and-moves-ten-battalions-t.md) _Context: Ecuador, Rafael Correa, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
5. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leaving.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe fires prosecutor Johannes Tomana. ](/news/2017/06/10/zimbabwe-president-robert-mugabe-fires-prosecutor-johannes-tomana.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict-that-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-of.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
10. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
