### [2016-09-17](/news/2016/09/17/index.md)

# The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. 

The US-led coalition admits its planes carried out an attack in eastern Syria that the Russian army says killed dozens of Syrian troops fighting IS.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-37398721)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/17/russia-says-us-led-airstrikes-hit-syrian-troops-killing-62-and-wounding-dozens)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/161BE/production/_91285509_033909776-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
2. [A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches-an-offensive-against-islamic-state-forces-in-the-nort.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
3. [The Syrian Army breaks the nine month long siege of the Deir ez-Zor Airport by ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/09/9/the-syrian-army-breaks-the-nine-month-long-siege-of-the-deir-ez-zor-airport-by-isil-militants.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Airport, ISIL, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
6. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, ISIL, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
8. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
9. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it is ready to deploy ground troops to Syria as part of an international coalition to fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, if said coalition was led by the United States. ](/news/2016/02/7/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-says-it-is-ready-to-deploy-ground-troops-to-syria-as-part-of-an-international-coalition-to-fight-against-the.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, U.S._
