### [2017-06-25](/news/2017/06/25/index.md)

# In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-assad-idUSKBN19G06K)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
2. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
3. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
4. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
5. [Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Hama, war_
6. [ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot's name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-agency-which-support.md) _Context: Hama, war_
7. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
8. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
9. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
10. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, war_
