### [2017-06-25](/news/2017/06/25/index.md)

# Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-syria-idUSKBN19G0Q6)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-israel-defense-forces-idf-skylark-drone-over-syria-s-quneitra-governorate.md) _Context: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War, Quneitra Governorate, Syria, Syrian Army_
2. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Army_
4. [Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in  al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position-in-al-quneitra-near-the-israeli-occupied.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
5. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
6. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
7. [Syrian civil war:Israel and Syria exchange gunfire on the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/21/syrian-civil-war-pisrael-and-syria-exchange-gunfire-on-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
8. [Syrian civil war:A second mortar shell from Syria has been fired at an Israeli military outpost in the Golan Heights, after a similar incident the day before. The Israel Defence Forces have responded with tank fire at the source of the bombardment, scoring several direct hits on artillery units belonging to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2012/11/12/syrian-civil-war-pa-second-mortar-shell-from-syria-has-been-fired-at-an-israeli-military-outpost-in-the-golan-heights-after-a-similar-incid.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syria, Syrian Army_
9. [ Israel and Syria conclude talks on the Golan Heights issue held in Turkey. ](/news/2008/06/16/israel-and-syria-conclude-talks-on-the-golan-heights-issue-held-in-turkey.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
10. [  Israel and Syria reveal indirect peace negotiations in Turkey in hopes of direct talks leading to a border agreement. ](/news/2008/05/21/israel-and-syria-reveal-indirect-peace-negotiations-in-turkey-in-hopes-of-direct-talks-leading-to-a-border-agreement.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
