### [2017-06-25](/news/2017/06/25/index.md)

# Maritime incidents in 2017: At least nine people are killed and about 30 others are missing after their multi-story tourist boat, carrying about 170 people, sinks in a reservoir in northwest Colombia near Medellin. 

A flotilla of boats and the air force went to the aid of vessel that sank with about 150 people on board in Peňol-Guatapé reservoir


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/25/tourist-boat-with-150-on-board-sinks-in-north-west-colombia)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/recreational-boat-with-150-aboard-sinks-near-colombian-city/2017/06/25/c9011844-59eb-11e7-aa69-3964a7d55207_story.html?utm_term=.f07b904c535a)

### Related:

1. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933: A chartered Avro RJ85 plane carrying at least 81 people, including the Chapecoense football team, crashes near Medellin, Colombia. Rescuers report at least six survivors have been found in the wreckage. The 2016 Copa Sudamericana Finals are suspended. ](/news/2016/11/29/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-a-chartered-avro-rj85-plane-carrying-at-least-81-people-including-the-chapecoense-football-team-crashes-near-m.md) _Context: Colombia, Medellin_
2. [ At least five people are killed and 13 are missing after a landslide crushes homes in a poor area of the city of Medellin in Colombia. ](/news/2008/05/31/at-least-five-people-are-killed-and-13-are-missing-after-a-landslide-crushes-homes-in-a-poor-area-of-the-city-of-medellan-in-colombia.md) _Context: Colombia, Medellin_
3. [ A U.S. Federal Air Marshal fatally shoots Rigoberto Alpizar on American Airlines Flight 924 in a jetway at Miami International Airport in Florida. Alpizar, a U.S. citizen who had disembarked from an American Airlines flight from Medellin, Colombia, claimed to have a bomb. No explosive was found. ](/news/2005/12/7/a-u-s-federal-air-marshal-fatally-shoots-rigoberto-alpizar-on-american-airlines-flight-924-in-a-jetway-at-miami-international-airport-in-f.md) _Context: Colombia, Medellin_
4. [Colombia-Venezuela relations: Censorship in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Colombia_
5. [Maritime incidents in 2017: The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/maritime-incidents-in-2017-the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at.md) _Context: Maritime incidents in 2017_
6. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [Colombian conflict: A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/colombian-conflict-a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-an.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [At least 17 people are killed after an Andean landslide strikes the Colombian city of Manizales. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-people-are-killed-after-an-andean-landslide-strikes-the-colombian-city-of-manizales.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [2017 Putumayo landslide: A landslide in Colombia's southwestern border department of Putumayo sends mud and debris crashing onto houses killing over 250 people and injuring at least 400 others. In addition, 200 people are missing. ](/news/2017/04/1/2017-putumayo-landslide-a-landslide-in-colombia-s-southwestern-border-department-of-putumayo-sends-mud-and-debris-crashing-onto-houses-kill.md) _Context: Colombia_
