### [2003-09-4](/news/2003/09/4/index.md)

#  North Korea announces re-election of dictator Kim Jong-il as chairman of the National Defense Commission by a unanimous vote of the Supreme People's Assembly, a move dismissed as a propaganda stunt by Western observers, who nearly all regard the Supreme People's Assembly as a rubber stamp body.




### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: North Korea, Supreme People's Assembly_
2. [North Korea commemorates the one-year anniversary of the death of former Leader Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2012/12/17/north-korea-commemorates-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-death-of-former-leader-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
3. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, leads thousands of officials in a memorial service for his father Kim Jong-il, the former leader, who died on 17 December 2011. ](/news/2012/12/16/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-leads-thousands-of-officials-in-a-memorial-service-for-his-father-kim-jong-il-the-former-leader-wh.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
4. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
5. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is given two posts in the Workers' Party of Korea previously held by his father Kim Jong-Il, including chairman of the party's Central Military Commission and a standing member of the Politburo. ](/news/2012/04/12/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-is-given-two-posts-in-the-workers-party-of-korea-previously-held-by-his-father-kim-jong-il-including-chair.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
6. [The ruling Workers Party in North Korea calls a conference in mid-April to consolidate the transfer of leadership to Kim Jong-un from his father Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2012/02/20/the-ruling-workers-party-in-north-korea-calls-a-conference-in-mid-april-to-consolidate-the-transfer-of-leadership-to-kim-jong-un-from-his-fa.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
7. [A giant statue of Kim Jong-il is unveiled in North Korea ahead of the 70th anniversary of his birthday. ](/news/2012/02/15/a-giant-statue-of-kim-jong-il-is-unveiled-in-north-korea-ahead-of-the-70th-anniversary-of-his-birthday.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
8. [A new statue of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il is unveiled in the capital Pyongyang. ](/news/2012/02/14/a-new-statue-of-late-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-is-unveiled-in-the-capital-pyongyang.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
9. [South Korea lifts a temporary ban that it placed on travel to North Korea after the death of Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2012/01/3/south-korea-lifts-a-temporary-ban-that-it-placed-on-travel-to-north-korea-after-the-death-of-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
10. [Kim Jong-un is named as the Supreme Commander of North Korea's armed forces following the death of his father Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2011/12/31/kim-jong-un-is-named-as-the-supreme-commander-of-north-korea-s-armed-forces-following-the-death-of-his-father-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
