### [2004-02-14](/news/2004/02/14/index.md)

#  ROC presidential election, 2004: Candidates Lien Chan of the Pan-Blue Coalition and President Chen Shui-bian of the Pan-Green Coalition participate in a televised debate.




### Related:

1. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan, coalition allies_
2. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.](/news/2004/03/29/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-pan-blue-coalition-drops-its-demand-for-another-round-of-voting-by-members-of-the-military-and-the-pol.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
3. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The controversial victory of Chen Shui-bian is confirmed by the state electoral commission, with a margin of only 29,518 votes - 0.2% of the total&nbsp;- separating the candidates. Pan-Blue protestors storm and hurl eggs at the Central Electoral Commission building. ](/news/2004/03/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-controversial-victory-of-chen-shui-bian-is-confirmed-by-the-state-electoral-commission-with-a-margin.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
4. [ ROC presidential election: Chen Shui-bian is declared the winner over Lien Chan by fewer than 30,000 votes of nearly 13,000,000 cast (0.25%). Lien calls the result unfair and demands it be voided. A controversial referendum is invalidated by low turnout. ](/news/2004/03/20/roc-presidential-election-chen-shui-bian-is-declared-the-winner-over-lien-chan-by-fewer-than-30-000-votes-of-nearly-13-000-000-cast-0-25.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
5. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Lagging behind his rival Lien Chan in opinion polls, President Chen Shui-bian promises not to declare Taiwan independence if he is re-elected. ](/news/2004/02/19/roc-presidential-election-2004-lagging-behind-his-rival-lien-chan-in-opinion-polls-president-chen-shui-bian-promises-not-to-declare-taiw.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
6. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
7. [ President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui-bian announces the cease of the function of the National Unification Council and the application of the Guidelines for National Unification. The move is condemned by the pan-Blue Coalition and People's Republic of China. Chen says that the reversal is a response to aggression by the PRC. ](/news/2006/02/27/president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-announces-the-cease-of-the-function-of-the-national-unification-council-and-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
8. [ The Supreme Court of the Republic of China rejects the opposition's appeal to nullify the results of the 2004 presidential election. Chen Shui-bian won the election by a narrow majority. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-supreme-court-of-the-republic-of-china-rejects-the-opposition-s-appeal-to-nullify-the-results-of-the-2004-presidential-election-chen-s.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
9. [ Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian requests that the Chinese government meet directly with his government after China meets with Taiwan's opposition leader, Lien Chan. Taiwan and China are in conflict over Taiwan's increased calls for independence from the mainland. ](/news/2005/05/1/taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-requests-that-the-chinese-government-meet-directly-with-his-government-after-china-meets-with-taiwan-s-o.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
10. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
