### [2004-02-14](/news/2004/02/14/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: Staff advisors for U.S. President George W. Bush say he will support the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment to the U.S. Constitution which would outlaw same-sex marriage and federalize marriage law, which has been set by individual states since the founding of the country.




### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: U.S. President George W. Bush announces his support for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage. Bush did not explicitly endorse the Federal Marriage Amendment, proposed by Representative Marilyn Musgrave (R&ndash;Colorado), which has been criticised for potentially also denying states the ability to recognise same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships. However, he said that the FMA ""meets his principles"" in protecting the ""sanctity of marriage"" between men and women.](/news/2004/02/24/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. state, constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: President of the United States George W. Bush urges passage of a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman, as the only way to stop "municipal and judicial activists" from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. "If we are to prevent the meaning of marriage from being changed forever, our nation must enact a constitutional amendment." John Kerry denounces the amendment as "toying" or "tampering" with the Constitution of the United States for partisan advantage. ](/news/2004/03/1/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-urges-passage-of-a-constitutional-amendment-to-define.md) _Context: George W. Bush, constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
4. [Same-sex marriage is legalized in the U.S. state of New Mexico. ](/news/2013/12/19/same-sex-marriage-is-legalized-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
5. [New Jersey becomes the 14th U.S. state to allow same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/10/21/new-jersey-becomes-the-14th-u-s-state-to-allow-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
6. [The Senate in the U.S. state of Minnesota passes a bill legalizing same-sex marriage. Governor Mark Dayton says he intends to sign it into law. ](/news/2013/05/13/the-senate-in-the-u-s-state-of-minnesota-passes-a-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-governor-mark-dayton-says-he-intends-to-sign-it-into-l.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
7. [The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger files a motion calling for same-sex marriages to resume in the U.S. state immediately. ](/news/2010/08/6/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-files-a-motion-calling-for-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-u-s-state-immediately.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
8. [Same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California, due to resume on Wednesday, is blocked by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals until it is decided whether a ban is constitutional. ](/news/2010/08/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-state-of-california-due-to-resume-on-wednesday-is-blocked-by-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-until-it-is.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
9. [Federal Judge Vaughn R. Walker, after deciding for the plaintiffs in Perry v. Schwarzenegger, mandates that same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California should resume on August 18. ](/news/2010/08/12/federal-judge-vaughn-r-walker-after-deciding-for-the-plaintiffs-in-perry-v-schwarzenegger-mandates-that-same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-st.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
10. [ The U.S. state of New Hampshire legalizes same-sex marriage. ](/news/2009/06/3/the-u-s-state-of-new-hampshire-legalizes-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: U.S. state, same-sex marriage_
