### [2014-06-4](/news/2014/06/4/index.md)

# In the city of Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, an armed gunman shoots five RCMP officers, killing three. 

New Brunswick RCMP have confirmed that three officers were shot and killed and two other officers were wounded by a heavily armed gunman wearing camouflage in Moncton.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/3-rcmp-officers-dead-2-wounded-in-moncton-shooting-1.2665359)

### Related:

1. [Canadian police arrest Justin Bourque, wanted for the alleged murder of three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and shooting two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. ](/news/2014/06/6/canadian-police-arrest-justin-bourque-wanted-for-the-alleged-murder-of-three-royal-canadian-mounted-police-officers-and-shooting-two-others.md) _Context: New Brunswick, Royal Canadian Mounted Police, murder_
2. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police extend a national manhunt for a 24-year-old gunman who killed 3 police officers and wounded 2 others in a shootout in Moncton.](/news/2014/06/5/royal-canadian-mounted-police-extend-a-national-manhunt-for-a-24-year-old-gunman-who-killed-3-police-officers-and-wounded-2-others-in-a-shoo.md) _Context: Moncton, Royal Canadian Mounted Police, murder_
3. [At least five people are dead, one missing, and 21 rescued, from a tour boat carrying 27 people that sinks west of Vargas Island, off the coast of Tofino on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The RCMP is responsible for the missing person now that the search has been called off. ](/news/2015/10/25/at-least-five-people-are-dead-one-missing-and-21-rescued-from-a-tour-boat-carrying-27-people-that-sinks-west-of-vargas-island-off-the-co.md) _Context: Canada, Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
4. [Rehtaeh Parsons, a 17-year-old Canadian gang-rape victim from Halifax, Novia Scotia, is taken off of life support and dies three days after a suicide attempt. Parson's claimed to have been raped when she was 15, she had been bullied ever since the alleged incident; officials with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the justice system are deciding whether to file charges. ](/news/2013/04/7/rehtaeh-parsons-a-17-year-old-canadian-gang-rape-victim-from-halifax-novia-scotia-is-taken-off-of-life-support-and-dies-three-days-after.md) _Context: Canada, Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
5. [Up to 7,000 police march on Yonge Street in Newmarket, Ontario, including some Royal Canadian Mounted Police and American officers, accompanied by thousands of spectators for the funeral procession for Canadian YRP police Constable Garrett Styles, killed when a 15-year-old underage driver accelerated during a traffic stop. ](/news/2011/07/5/up-to-7-000-police-march-on-yonge-street-in-newmarket-ontario-including-some-royal-canadian-mounted-police-and-american-officers-accompan.md) _Context: Canada, Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
6. [ A boat with 76 migrant workers on board headed for Canada is seized by the Canadian Navy and RCMP off its west coast in the Pacific Ocean. ](/news/2009/10/18/a-boat-with-76-migrant-workers-on-board-headed-for-canada-is-seized-by-the-canadian-navy-and-rcmp-off-its-west-coast-in-the-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Canada, Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
7. [A series of earthquakes, the largest registering 6.3, strike near Mosquito Lake, Alaska, near the Alaskan border with British Columbia, Canada. At least one office building and two schools were heavily damaged and evacuated in the Yukon. ](/news/2017/05/1/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-largest-registering-6-3-strike-near-mosquito-lake-alaska-near-the-alaskan-border-with-british-columbia-cana.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Canada_
