### [2010-08-21](/news/2010/08/21/index.md)

# Amnesty International urges Saudi Arabia not to sever the spine of a man as punishment; the man has been convicted of paralysing another man. 

A Saudi judge has asked several hospitals whether they could damage a man&#039;s spinal cord as punishment after he was convicted of paralysing a man with a cleaver.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11045848)
2. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/world/judge-seeks-doctor-for-paralysis-punishment-20100820-138we.html)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia arrests Samar Badawi, a human rights activist who received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States in 2012. Badawi is to appear in court on Wednesday, according to Amnesty International. Both her brother, Raif Badawi, publisher of the "Free Saudi Liberals" blog, and former husband, Waleed Sami Abulkhair, are currently imprisoned. ](/news/2016/01/12/saudi-arabia-arrests-samar-badawi-a-human-rights-activist-who-received-the-international-women-of-courage-award-from-the-united-states-in-2.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Amnesty International asks Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah to intervene in the case of a Lebanese man sentenced to death for "sorcery". ](/news/2010/03/19/amnesty-international-asks-saudi-arabia-s-king-abdullah-to-intervene-in-the-case-of-a-lebanese-man-sentenced-to-death-for-sorcery.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Saudi Arabia_
3. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
5. [Judicial system of Turkey: Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/judicial-system-of-turkey-turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terro.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/06/14/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-the-egyptian-parliament-approves-the-transfer-of-two-uninhabited-red-sea-islands-tiran-island-and-sanafir-i.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
