### [2010-08-21](/news/2010/08/21/index.md)

# Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. 

Israel says it could use force to stop a new aid boat to Gaza, as Lebanon refuses to bow to warnings against authorising an all-women ship to head for the blockaded Palestinian territory.


### Source:

1. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/world/israel-warns-gaza-aid-boat-20100821-139d2.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Middle East:. Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pale.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announces an investigation into Israel's attack on the U.N.'s Gaza Strip headquarters. ](/news/2009/01/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-an-investigation-into-israel-s-attack-on-the-u-n-s-gaza-strip-headquarters.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
4. [Gaza-Israel conflict. Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/gaza-israel-conflict-canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-wa.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
5. [Operation Protective Edge:. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed. ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Two Palestinian prisoners held in Israel enter the 71st day of their hunger strikes. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expressed his concern about the condition of the hunger strikers. ](/news/2012/05/9/two-palestinian-prisoners-held-in-israel-enter-the-71st-day-of-their-hunger-strikes-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expressed.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon criticises Israel's refusal to cease illegal settlement building on Palestinian land, telling a UN General Assembly gathering that he is "very concerned at the lack of progress towards peace" and that the recent demolition of East Jerusalem's historic Shepherd Hotel and evictions of Palestinian families had "heightened tensions." He later meets survivors of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. ](/news/2011/01/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-criticises-israel-s-refusal-to-cease-illegal-settlement-buildi.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations says there has been "no material change" for people in Gaza since Israel announced it was easing its economic blockade. An Israeli spokesman stated that the reason for the blockade was "because the territory has been overtaken by a declared terror movement.](/news/2010/11/11/the-united-nations-says-there-has-been-no-material-change-for-people-in-gaza-since-israel-announced-it-was-easing-its-economic-blockade-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
9. [A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". ](/news/2010/08/22/a-bolivian-flagged-all-female-international-aid-ship-bound-for-gaza-is-delayed-as-cyprus-bans-it-from-passing-with-israel-s-ehud-barak-call.md) _Context: Bolivia, Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Israel warns the United Nations that two ships carrying aid to Gaza would not, by "all necessary means", be allowed to reach their destination. ](/news/2010/07/22/israel-warns-the-united-nations-that-two-ships-carrying-aid-to-gaza-would-not-by-all-necessary-means-be-allowed-to-reach-their-destinati.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
