### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# A report by the Taiwanese Defense Ministry states that China has placed surface-to-air missiles on the disputed Woody Island. Taiwanese President-elect Tsai Ing-wen called on all parties to "exercise self-control based on the principle of peaceful resolution of disputes in the South China Sea," while Harry B. Harris Jr., commander of the US Pacific Fleet, said that such a move would be "a militarization of the South China Sea in ways" that China's President Xi Jinping had pledged not to make. 

Taiwan says China has deployed surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the South China Sea, but Beijing says it is an invention of the media.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/16/asia/china-missiles-south-china-sea/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-35592988)

### Related:

1. [The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-worth-of-arms-to-taiwan-which-includes-two-decommissioned-u-s-navy-frigates-assa.md) _Context: disputed, surface-to-air missile_
2. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
3. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
4. [''Philippines v. China''Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-pchinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: disputed_
5. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: disputed_
6. [''Philippines v. China''Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-pphilippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-b.md) _Context: disputed_
7. [The Chinese Supreme Court warns people caught fishing in Chinese waters could be jailed for up to a year. ](/news/2016/08/2/the-chinese-supreme-court-warns-people-caught-fishing-in-chinese-waters-could-be-jailed-for-up-to-a-year.md) _Context: disputed_
8. [Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-wen refutes accusations that she would have interpreted the 1992 consensus differently. ](/news/2016/07/25/taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-refutes-accusations-that-she-would-have-interpreted-the-1992-consensus-differently.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
9. [Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen rejects a supposed deadline set by Chinese President Xi Jinping for accepting the 1992 Consensus, saying such a deadline is against the will of the people. ](/news/2016/07/22/taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-rejects-a-supposed-deadline-set-by-chinese-president-xi-jinping-for-accepting-the-1992-consensus-saying-su.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, ''Philippines v. China''Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-pvietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gat.md) _Context: disputed_
