### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Apple Inc. says it will appeal a court order to create a backdoor for an iPhone 5C belonging to Syed Farook who conducted the 2015 San Bernardino attack. 

Apple CEO Tim Cook has confirmed that the company will appeal a California judge&#039;s order to unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the terrorists involved in..


### Source:

1. [Tech Crunch](http://techcrunch.com/2016/02/17/tim-cook-apple-wont-create-backdoor-to-unlock-san-bernardino-attackers-iphone/)

### Related:

1. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute. Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/fbi-apple-encryption-dispute-federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-t.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
2. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
3. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the "Business Insider". ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
4. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments in a patent dispute between Apple Inc. and Samsung concerning both company's smart phone designs (Samsung Electronics v. Apple (15-777)). ](/news/2016/10/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-hears-arguments-in-a-patent-dispute-between-apple-inc-and-samsung-concerning-both-company-s-smart-phone-designs-sam.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
6. [Apple announces the release of the iPhone 7 along with the Apple Watch 2. ](/news/2016/09/7/apple-announces-the-release-of-the-iphone-7-along-with-the-apple-watch-2.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
7. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports "HummingBad" malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind "HummingBad" which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices. Apple devices have been hit by similar malware. ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-and.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. 2016 Republican National Convention. Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party-s 2016 presidential convention, citing Donald Trump-s controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-2016-republican-national-convention-apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
9. [Apple Inc. must pay the $450 million July 2014 settlement in a price fixing case since the U.S. Supreme Court will not hear its appeal of the June 2015 Court of Appeals ruling that it played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices. ](/news/2016/03/7/apple-inc-must-pay-the-450-million-july-2014-settlement-in-a-price-fixing-case-since-the-u-s-supreme-court-will-not-hear-its-appeal-of-th.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
10. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute. A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/fbi-apple-encryption-dispute-a-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstr.md) _Context: San Bernardino_
