### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Orban used the meeting to call for Russia's relations with the EU to "return to normal", saying "We all are interested in normalizing relationship between Russia and Europe" while Putin described Hungary as an "old and faithful partner". 

Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, on a visit to Moscow, called for better relations between Russia and Europe on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/332749-putin-orban-meeting-moscow/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-hungary-eu-idUSKCN0VQ1AF)
2. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160217&t=2&i=1118171500&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC1G0Q9)

### Related:

1. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: Hungarian Prime Minister, Hungary, Viktor Orban_
2. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. ](/news/2016/07/5/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-referendum-on-october-2-where-voters-will-get-to-choose-whethe.md) _Context: EU, Hungarian Prime Minister, Viktor Orban_
3. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin warns in a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko that Moscow will restrict Ukraine's access to Russian markets if Kiev implements any part of a trade agreement with the European Union. ](/news/2014/09/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-in-a-letter-to-his-ukrainian-counterpart-petro-poroshenko-that-moscow-will-restrict-ukraine-s-acces.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Thousands of opposition supporters in Hungary protest over Prime Minister Viktor Orban's alleged attempts to undermine democracy in the country. ](/news/2012/01/2/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-in-hungary-protest-over-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-alleged-attempts-to-undermine-democracy-in-the-cou.md) _Context: Hungarian Prime Minister, Hungary, Viktor Orban_
5. [ The European Union (EU) hosts the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in a summit. Poland has vetoed the launch of EU-Russia partnership talks. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-european-union-eu-hosts-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-a-summit-poland-has-vetoed-the-launch-of-eu-russia-partnership-tal.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [ European Union leaders gather in Lahti, Finland, for a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2006/10/20/european-union-leaders-gather-in-lahti-finland-for-a-summit-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Both the European Union and the government of the United States express concern about Russian President Vladimir Putin's announcement that, as a means of responding to terrorism, he would significantly alter Russia's political system. The Russian government rejects the United States' concerns as inappropriate interference in Russia's internal affairs. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=583655&section=news 1], [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=PK1I2MCEA22IUCRBAE0CFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=583654&section=news 2])](/news/2004/09/15/both-the-european-union-and-the-government-of-the-united-states-express-concern-about-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-announcement-that.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU, Hungary_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin dismisses Nizhny Novgorod Oblast governor Valery Shantsev from his post, the second governor to lose his job in a week after Putin dismissed Samara Oblast governor Nikolay Merkushkin the day before. The dismissals come amid speculation that governors of several federal subjects will resign in anticipation of presidential elections in 2018. ](/news/2017/09/26/russian-president-vladimir-putin-dismisses-nizhny-novgorod-oblast-governor-valery-shantsev-from-his-post-the-second-governor-to-lose-his-jo.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
