### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Iran says that it plans to increase its crude oil output until it achieves pre-sanction levels, although that contravenes OPEC efforts to restrain output. 

Iran on Wednesday stopped short of offering to restrain oil output as part of a global pact to freeze production to prop up prices, making clear it wants to recapture the market share it lost during years of sanctions.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-opec-oil-iran-idUSKCN0VQ17P)

### Related:

1. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Iran, OPEC_
2. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action: Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joi.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
3. [Iran-United States relations: Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-united-states-relations-iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christi.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
4. [In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/12/in-accordance-with-a-major-point-of-a-nuclear-agreement-reached-with-several-world-powers-iran-removed-a-plutonium-core-and-filled-with-con.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
5. [Nuclear program of Iran:: Iran signs an interim agreement with the P5+1 countries limiting its nuclear program in exchange for reduced sanctions. ](/news/2013/11/24/nuclear-program-of-iran-iran-signs-an-interim-agreement-with-the-p5-1-countries-limiting-its-nuclear-program-in-exchange-for-reduced-sanct.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
6. [A Chinese companydate=April 2012 that insures ships announces it will stop indemnifying tankers carrying Iranian oil. This represents a continued tightening of world sanctions on Iran. ](/news/2012/04/5/a-chinese-companydate-april-2012-that-insures-ships-announces-it-will-stop-indemnifying-tankers-carrying-iranian-oil-this-represents-a-cont.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
7. [Strait of Hormuz dispute:: Iran threatens to close down the key oil route of the Strait of Hormuz if more sanctions are imposed on it by Western nations. ](/news/2011/12/28/strait-of-hormuz-dispute-iran-threatens-to-close-down-the-key-oil-route-of-the-strait-of-hormuz-if-more-sanctions-are-imposed-on-it-by-wes.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
8. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
9. [The U.S. Pentagon alleges that Iran has violated United Nations sanctions against itself by providing an advanced radar system to Syria, a system the Pentagon claims would hurt Israel's ability to launch surprise attacks against Iran. ](/news/2010/07/3/the-u-s-pentagon-alleges-that-iran-has-violated-united-nations-sanctions-against-itself-by-providing-an-advanced-radar-system-to-syria-a-s.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
10. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez opens the 2007 OPEC meeting in Saudi Arabia, warning the United States against attacking Iran. ](/news/2007/11/18/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-opens-the-2007-opec-meeting-in-saudi-arabia-warning-the-united-states-against-attacking-iran.md) _Context: Iran, OPEC_
