### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen  from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. 

Iraq is searching for &quot;highly dangerous&quot; radioactive material whose theft last year has raised fears among Iraqi officials that it could be used as a weapon if acquired by Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2016/02/17/-ISIS-shoots-down-Iraqi-army-helicopter-killing-one-Officials-.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-radiation-idUSKCN0VQ22F)

### Related:

1. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL_
2. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier ''Charles de Gaulle''. ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL_
5. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants  reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is  using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. ](/news/2016/07/24/at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-the-residential-entrances-to-district-kadhimiyah-in-no.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL_
8. [  Two car bombs kill at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in Samawa, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-car-bombs-kill-at-least-32-people-and-wounded-75-others-in-samawa-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-fo.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War_
9. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the  second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the-blast-at-the-secu.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War_
