### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due  December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt.  

Russia filed a lawsuit against Ukraine to demand compensation for the debt on bonds worth $3 billion and reimbursement of expenses.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/02/17/Russia-sues-Ukraine-over-debt-repayment-in-London-court/3241455738661/?spt=rln&or=2)

### Related:

1. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on  repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors.  This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Russian Government, Ukraine_
2. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
3. [Ukrainian pilot and parliamentarian Nadiya Savchenko, who has been detained in Russia since 2014, arrives home following a dramatic prisoner swap with Russia. ](/news/2016/05/25/ukrainian-pilot-and-parliamentarian-nadiya-savchenko-who-has-been-detained-in-russia-since-2014-arrives-home-following-a-dramatic-prisoner.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
4. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
5. [The Ukrainian parliament votes to ban all Russian films released after January 1, 2014, saying the move is aimed at improving "national security"; more than 430 Russian films and TV series fall under the new measures. Last month, the State Committee in Television and Radio-broadcasting in Ukraine removed 15 Russian TV channels from being broadcast in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-ukrainian-parliament-votes-to-ban-all-russian-films-released-after-january-1-2014-saying-the-move-is-aimed-at-improving-anational-se.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
6. [Ukraine bans Russian cargo trucks from transiting its territory after Russia's Ministry of Transport barred Ukrainian cargo trucks because armed groups had been blocking some Russian trucks from entering Ukraine. ](/news/2016/02/15/ukraine-bans-russian-cargo-trucks-from-transiting-its-territory-after-russia-s-ministry-of-transport-barred-ukrainian-cargo-trucks-because-a.md) _Context: Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
7. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
8. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
9. [The government of Ukraine signs a major $10 billion shale gas deal with Royal Dutch Shell to reduce its dependency on Russian gas imports. ](/news/2013/01/24/the-government-of-ukraine-signs-a-major-10-billion-shale-gas-deal-with-royal-dutch-shell-to-reduce-its-dependency-on-russian-gas-imports.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
10. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: Ukraine_
