### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. A report by the Taiwanese Defense Ministry states that China has placed surface-to-air missiles on the disputed Woody Island. Taiwanese President-elect Tsai Ing-wen called on all parties to "exercise self-control based on the principle of peaceful resolution of disputes in the South China Sea," while Harry B. Harris Jr., commander of the US Pacific Fleet, said that such a move would be "a militarization of the South China Sea in ways" that China's President Xi Jinping had pledged not to make. 

Taiwan says China has deployed surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the South China Sea, but Beijing says it is an invention of the media.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-35592988)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/16/asia/china-missiles-south-china-sea/)

### Related:

1. [Taiwan-United States relations. Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/taiwan-united-states-relations-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-wort.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, surface-to-air missile_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. During one of the meetings of the 50th Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum at Manila, the foreign ministers of the member nations issued a communique "emphasizing the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint," ending an impasse regarding the disputes on the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-during-one-of-the-meetings-of-the-50th-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-regional-forum-at.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The USS Dewey sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/05/25/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-uss-dewey-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-mischief-reef-in-the-south-china-s.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
4. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [Cross-Strait relations. A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
6. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
7. [Taiwan-United States relations. United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/taiwan-united-states-relations-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-in.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
8. ["Philippines v. China". Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-chinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. ["Philippines v. China". Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-bu.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
