### [2016-02-17](/news/2016/02/17/index.md)

# Transgender and schools. In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. 

The South Dakota legislature passed a bill requiring students to use the bathroom of their gender at birth, another point in ongoing debate over balancing growing LGBT rights with those of conservatives fearful for their religious rights. 


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/south-dakota-passes-bill-bathrooms-transgender-students/)
2. [The Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Politics/2016/0217/South-Dakota-lawmakers-move-to-ban-transgender-bathrooms)

### Related:

1. [Transgender and schools. LGBT rights in South Dakota. In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. ](/news/2016/03/1/transgender-and-schools-lgbt-rights-in-south-dakota-in-the-united-states-south-dakota-governor-dennis-daugaard-vetoes-house-bill-1008-tha.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor, Transgender and schools, transgender, veto_
2. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of the US state of South Dakota, warns residents living south of the state capital of Pierre to prepare evacuation plans ahead of likely flooding of the Missouri River. ](/news/2011/05/29/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-south-dakota-warns-residents-living-south-of-the-state-capital-of-pierre-to-prepare-evacua.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota, South Dakota Governor_
3. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: gender identity, transgender_
4. [ The American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal file a federal lawsuit against a new North Carolina law that bars transgender people from choosing bathrooms consistent with their gender identity, arguing the measure is discriminatory and threatens individuals' personal safety. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-american-civil-liberties-union-and-lambda-legal-file-a-federal-lawsuit-against-a-new-north-carolina-law-that-bars-transgender-people-fr.md) _Context: gender identity, transgender_
5. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of South Dakota, signs an abortion bill requiring women to undertake counselling and wait for 72 hours, the longest period in the US. ](/news/2011/03/22/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-south-dakota-signs-an-abortion-bill-requiring-women-to-undertake-counselling-and-wait-for-72-hours-the-lo.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
6. [ U.S. Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) undergoes surgery after suffering a brain hemorrhage due to an arteriovenous malformation. If he is incapacitated, the Republican Party Governor of South Dakota, Mike Rounds, will be able to appoint his replacement, potentially changing the balance of the Senate. ](/news/2006/12/14/u-s-senator-tim-johnson-d-sd-undergoes-surgery-after-suffering-a-brain-hemorrhage-due-to-an-arteriovenous-malformation-if-he-is-incapac.md) _Context: South Dakota, South Dakota Governor_
7. [ M. Michael Rounds, governor of the U.S. State of South Dakota, signs an abortion ban that conflicts with the United States Supreme Court's landmark 1973 "Roe v. Wade" decision. ](/news/2006/03/6/m-michael-rounds-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-south-dakota-signs-an-abortion-ban-that-conflicts-with-the-united-states-supreme-court-s.md) _Context: South Dakota, South Dakota Governor_
8. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: transgender_
9. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: transgender_
10. [Sahaj International opens in Kochi in the South Indian state of Kerala. The country's first school for transgender pupils, it caters for adults who left school early. ](/news/2016/12/30/sahaj-international-opens-in-kochi-in-the-south-indian-state-of-kerala-the-country-s-first-school-for-transgender-pupils-it-caters-for-adu.md) _Context: transgender_
