### [2005-03-2](/news/2005/03/2/index.md)

#  The Israeli Defence Forces discover a Hamas bomb-lab near Jenin in a metal workshop. The lab contains what appeared to be a Qassam rocket in an initial state of production, and large quantities of other materials used for manufacturing bombs. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/547051.html)

### Related:

1. [Hamas militants fire two Qassam rockets and mortar rounds into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Israeli aircraft then bombed a smuggling tunnel under the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt.](/news/2010/09/15/hamas-militants-fire-two-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-rounds-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-israeli-aircraft-then-bombed-a-smuggling-tunnel-u.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
2. [ At least 66 Israeli troops are wounded when a Qassam rocket from Gaza Strip hits an Israeli Defence Forces training base in Southern Israel. ](/news/2007/09/11/at-least-66-israeli-troops-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-from-gaza-strip-hits-an-israeli-defence-forces-training-base-in-southern-israel.md) _Context: Israeli Defence Forces, Qassam rocket_
3. [ Over 18 people have been wounded by approximately thirty Qassam rockets being fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel. Hamas has claimed responsibility and sources believe the rocket attacks are an attempt to lure Israel into the ongoing internal conflict between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2007/05/16/over-18-people-have-been-wounded-by-approximately-thirty-qassam-rockets-being-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-hamas-has-claimed-resp.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
4. [ Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for-a-ceasefire-to-end-several-days-of-fierce-fighting-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
5. [ A Qassam rocket hits a High school at Ashkelon, an Israeli city with a population exceeding 117,000. The rocket was launched by Hamas militants from the town of Beit Hanun in the northern Gaza strip. ](/news/2006/07/4/a-qassam-rocket-hits-a-high-school-at-ashkelon-an-israeli-city-with-a-population-exceeding-117-000-the-rocket-was-launched-by-hamas-milit.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
6. [ Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-damage-in-residential-areas-but-no-casualties-israel-air-fo.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
7. [ A Palestinian girl is critically wounded when a Qassam rocket launched by Palestenian militants hits her home in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/10/a-palestinian-girl-is-critically-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-launched-by-palestenian-militants-hits-her-home-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
8. [ The militant Hamas group calls off its truce with Israel after seven civilians are killed in the Gaza Strip. More than seventy Qassam rockets were launched at Israeli towns by Hamas militants since Friday morning, wounding Palestenian and Israeli civilians alike. ](/news/2006/06/10/the-militant-hamas-group-calls-off-its-truce-with-israel-after-seven-civilians-are-killed-in-the-gaza-strip-more-than-seventy-qassam-rocke.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
9. [ Seven Palestinians are killed by Israeli Air Force missile attacks on the Gaza Strip and West Bank, including at least four Hamas militants. Five other Palestinian civilian bystanders are injured in the attacks. According to CNN all the 7 were militants, whereas the BBC says four were. The attack was carried out amid a barrage of Qassam rockets. ](/news/2005/07/15/seven-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-force-missile-attacks-on-the-gaza-strip-and-west-bank-including-at-least-four-hamas-militants.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
10. [ Dana Galkowicz, an Israeli woman, 22, dies in the moshav of Netiv Ha'asara after Palestinian militants fire more than a dozen Qassam rockets. Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades all claimed responsibility, though Israel primarily suspects Hamas ](/news/2005/07/14/dana-galkowicz-an-israeli-woman-22-dies-in-the-moshav-of-netiv-ha-asara-after-palestinian-militants-fire-more-than-a-dozen-qassam-rocket.md) _Context: Hamas, Qassam rocket_
