### [2008-03-26](/news/2008/03/26/index.md)

#  The Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' lands at Cape Canaveral, Florida in a rare nighttime landing ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station. 

The shuttle landed at 8:39 p.m., roughly an hour after Capt. Dominic L. Gorie fired twin braking rockets that brought the spacecraft out of orbit.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/26/science/space/26cnd-shuttle.html)

### Related:

1. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, International Space Station_
2. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, International Space Station_
3. [Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' launches successfully from Kennedy Space Center at 4:14 EST, marking the beginning of STS-130, a two-week mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2010/02/8/space-shuttle-endeavour-launches-successfully-from-kennedy-space-center-at-4-14-est-marking-the-beginning-of-sts-130-a-two-week-missio.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
4. [ Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' lands at Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, United States, ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2009/07/31/space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-kennedy-space-centre-in-florida-united-states-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: FL, International Space Station, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
5. [ Mission STS-126 commences with the launch of Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''. The spacecraft will deliver equipment required to increase the crew capacity of the International Space Station from three to six members. ](/news/2008/11/15/mission-sts-126-commences-with-the-launch-of-space-shuttle-endeavour-the-spacecraft-will-deliver-equipment-required-to-increase-the-cr.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
6. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the.md) _Context: FL, International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
7. [ Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' rolls out to launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in preparation for the STS-117 mission to the International Space Station. The rollout is the second for the mission, as ''Atlantis'''s External Tank was damaged during a hailstorm on February 26, leading to the shuttle being rolled back to the Vehicle Assembly Building for repairs. ](/news/2007/05/15/space-shuttle-atlantis-rolls-out-to-launchpad-39a-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-preparation-for-the-sts-117-mission-to-the.md) _Context: FL, International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
8. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: FL, International Space Station_
9. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL_
10. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL_
