### [2009-05-8](/news/2009/05/8/index.md)

#  Afghan President Hamid Karzai demands that the United States halt airstrikes in the war against the Taliban. 

Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Friday called on the United States to halt air strikes in his country, following attacks this week that Afghan officials said killed 147 people.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSTRE5475R820090508)

### Related:

1. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
3. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-taliban-in-an-effort.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, United States_
4. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, warns General David Petraeus the head of United States and NATO forces in Afghanistan that civilian casualties in the Afghanistan war and rejects an apology for the mistaken killings of nine boys in a NATO air attack. ](/news/2011/03/6/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-warns-general-david-petraeus-the-head-of-united-states-and-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-that-civil.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [President Hamid Karzai acknowledges that his office has regularly received cash from Iran and the United States but claims that the process was transparent. ](/news/2010/10/25/president-hamid-karzai-acknowledges-that-his-office-has-regularly-received-cash-from-iran-and-the-united-states-but-claims-that-the-process.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, United States_
6. [Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirms holding unofficial talks with Taliban "for quite some time" in order to end the nine-year war. ](/news/2010/10/11/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-confirms-holding-unofficial-talks-with-taliban-for-quite-some-time-in-order-to-end-the-nine-year-war.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai threatens to join the Taliban if the Afghani Parliament refuses to approve his proposal to take control of the electoral apparatus from the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/4/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-threatens-to-join-the-taliban-if-the-afghani-parliament-refuses-to-approve-his-proposal-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
8. [ Afghan President Hamid Karzai calls on the Taliban to take part and vote in the August presidential election. ](/news/2009/06/27/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-calls-on-the-taliban-to-take-part-and-vote-in-the-august-presidential-election.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
9. [ The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai warns the Taliban that he will send forces into Pakistan in hot pursuit of militants. ](/news/2008/06/15/the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-warns-the-taliban-that-he-will-send-forces-into-pakistan-in-hot-pursuit-of-militants.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
10. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
