### [2007-05-2](/news/2007/05/2/index.md)

#  The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Sudanese humanitarian affairs minister Ahmed Haroun and Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb on charges of war crimes committed during the Darfur conflict. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6614903.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Ali Kushayb, International Criminal Court, Janjaweed, Sudan_
2. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
3. [Ahmed Haroun, wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes, is re-elected governor of the state of South Kordofan in Sudan. ](/news/2011/05/16/ahmed-haroun-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-on-charges-of-war-crimes-is-re-elected-governor-of-the-state-of-south-kordofan-in.md) _Context: Ahmed Haroun, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
4. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
5. [Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-crimes-in-d.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
6. [The International Criminal Court reports Sudan to the United Nations Security Council for refusing to arrest former Minister Ahmed Haroun and militia leader Ali Muhammad Al Abd-Al-Rahman. ](/news/2010/05/26/the-international-criminal-court-reports-sudan-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-refusing-to-arrest-former-minister-ahmed-haroun-an.md) _Context: Ahmed Haroun, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
7. [International Criminal Court judges tell the UN Security Council that the Sudanese government is protecting suspects wanted for war crimes in Darfur instead of arresting them to face trial. ](/news/2010/05/26/international-criminal-court-judges-tell-the-un-security-council-that-the-sudanese-government-is-protecting-suspects-wanted-for-war-crimes-i.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
8. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
9. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, arrest warrant_
10. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
