### [2004-04-22](/news/2004/04/22/index.md)

#  The US Army states that the insurgents in Fallujah, Iraq, have "days, not weeks" to fulfill a clause in the ceasefire that requires them to turn over heavy weapons. To date, only rocket-propelled grenade rounds marked "inert", rusted mortar shells, dud rockets and unusable guns have been surrendered. 




### Source:

1. [Defenselink](http://www.defenselink.mil/news/Apr2004/n04222004_200404221.html)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Iraq.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi insurgency: The United States Army releases five Iranian suspects who had been arrested in Iraq. ](/news/2007/11/9/iraqi-insurgency-the-united-states-army-releases-five-iranian-suspects-who-had-been-arrested-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, U.S. soldiers_
2. [ Italian state-owned channel RaiNews 24 airs a controversial documentary in which Iraqi people and ex-U.S. soldiers report that white phosphorus, a chemical weapon, and Mk-77 napalm bombs were used by the U.S. Army against civilians in Fallujah last year. ](/news/2005/11/8/italian-state-owned-channel-rainews-24-airs-a-controversial-documentary-in-which-iraqi-people-and-ex-u-s-soldiers-report-that-white-phosph.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
3. [ Four U.S. soldiers are killed in two insurgent attacks north of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/20/four-u-s-soldiers-are-killed-in-two-insurgent-attacks-north-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, U.S. soldiers_
4. [ 12 mortars were fired on Abu Ghraib Prison by insurgents. 22 detainees were killed and 92 wounded. Iraqi security forces who fled the fighting in Fallujah begin to return to the city. ](/news/2004/04/20/12-mortars-were-fired-on-abu-ghraib-prison-by-insurgents-22-detainees-were-killed-and-92-wounded-iraqi-security-forces-who-fled-the-fight.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, Mortar_
5. [ Turkey announces it will not send troops to Iraq. With the Turkish announcement, there are 24,000 non-American troops in Iraq, but almost half of them are British. Jessica Lynch accuses the US military of manipulating news about her capture, treatment and release for propaganda purposes. She also states that she has no memory of the supposed anal rape which a former "New York Times" reporter claims in a book that she was subjected to. United States Army Black Hawk helicopter crashes near Tikrit. Six soldiers are killed. All of the dead are from the 101st Airborne. It is unknown if the craft went down because of mechanical failure or hostile fire. Reportedly, a military source says it may have been hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. 57% of Poles oppose the mission in Iraq as the first Polish soldier dies. Vietnam War vets comment on the worrisome parallels between Vietnam and Iraq.](/news/2003/11/7/turkey-announces-it-will-not-send-troops-to-iraq-with-the-turkish-announcement-there-are-24-000-non-american-troops-in-iraq-but-almost-h.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. soldiers, rocket-propelled grenades_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar, U.S. soldiers_
7. [The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-government-compound-in-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
8. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
9. [Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. ](/news/2015/10/9/iraqi-police-officials-say-at-least-35-people-have-been-killed-following-a-mortar-bombardment-of-villages-near-the-eastern-city-of-baqubah.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
10. [Ongoing protests by Sunni Muslims in Iraq against the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turn deadly, as clashes leave 7 protesters and 2 soldiers dead in Fallujah. More than 60 others are injured, and at least 3 soldiers are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2013/01/25/ongoing-protests-by-sunni-muslims-in-iraq-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-turn-deadly-as-clashes-leave-7-protester.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq_
