### [2015-03-10](/news/2015/03/10/index.md)

# The family of soul music singer Marvin Gaye wins a $7.3 million lawsuit for copyright infringement against Robin Thicke, Pharrell Williams, and T.I. holding that Thicke's hit "Blurred Lines" resembled Gaye's "Got to Give It Up". 

Robin Thicke has lost the &quot;Blurred Lines&quot; lawsuit he has been engaged in with the Marvin Gaye estate.


### Source:

1. [Rolling Stone](http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/robin-thicke-and-pharrell-lose-blurred-lines-lawsuit-20150310)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal  with  Saudi Arabia King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-saudi-arabi.md) _Context: US$_
2. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: US$_
3. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: US$_
4. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$_
5. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: US$_
6. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: US$_
7. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: US$_
8. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: US$_
9. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: US$_
10. [According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivalent-to-us-11-3-million-are-reported-missing.md) _Context: US$_
