### [2015-03-10](/news/2015/03/10/index.md)

# The Wikimedia Foundation and eight other organisations file a lawsuit in the state of Maryland, US against the National Security Agency and the United States Department of Justice regarding the NSA's mass surveillance program. The Wikimedia Foundation is the owner and parent company of Wikipedia. 

Wikimedia Foundation and eight other groups filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the NSA and DOJ, challenging the NSA&#x27;s mass-surveillance program.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/wikimedia-sues-nsa-alleging-mass-internet-surveillance-n320756)

### Related:

1. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA": The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: Maryland, National Security Agency, Wikimedia Foundation_
2. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present), National Security Agency_
3. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency, U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): Edward Snowden: NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present), National Security Agency_
5. [In Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, base perimeter guards shoot and kill one person and injure another person as two men attempt to crash the entrance gate with their vehicle. The incident also injures a guard. The base is the headquarters for the National Security Agency. ](/news/2015/03/30/in-fort-george-g-meade-maryland-base-perimeter-guards-shoot-and-kill-one-person-and-injure-another-person-as-two-men-attempt-to-crash-the.md) _Context: Maryland, National Security Agency_
6. [ Jimmy Wales, co-founder of Wikipedia, is facing allegations that he used the Wikimedia Foundation funds to pay for personal expenses. ](/news/2008/03/5/jimmy-wales-co-founder-of-wikipedia-is-facing-allegations-that-he-used-the-wikimedia-foundation-funds-to-pay-for-personal-expenses.md) _Context: Wikimedia Foundation, Wikipedia_
7. [Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials: Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture. The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/removal-of-confederate-monuments-and-memorials-several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-i.md) _Context: Maryland_
8. [Health care in the United States: The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Maryland_
