### [2010-10-4](/news/2010/10/4/index.md)

# Football:FIFA suspends the Nigeria Football Federation due to government interference, thereby barring the country's men's, women's, and age-grade national teams from all competitions. 

Network calls on Jordan for a full investigation into disruptions of its signal during the football World Cup games.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/Croydon-Athletic-Chairman-David-Le-Cluse-Found-Dead-Club-Emroiled-In-Cricket-Match-Fixing-Scandal/Article/201010115751011?lpos=UK_News_News_Your_Way_Region_5&lid=NewsYourWay_ARTICLE_15751011_Croydon_Athletic_Chairman_David_Le_Cluse_Found_Dead%3A_Club_Emroiled_In_Cricket_Match-Fixing_Scandal)
2. [BBC Sport](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/africa/9060018.stm)
3. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/10/2010104134951296843.html)
4. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-11464234)

### Related:

1. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA_
2. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA_
3. [Fatma Samoura, a Senegalese United Nations official, is appointed as the Secretary General of FIFA. She is the first woman and first person from outside Europe to be appointed to the position. ](/news/2016/05/13/fatma-samoura-a-senegalese-united-nations-official-is-appointed-as-the-secretary-general-of-fifa-she-is-the-first-woman-and-first-person.md) _Context: FIFA_
4. [Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. ](/news/2016/02/26/officials-of-fifa-meet-in-za1-4rich-for-the-2016-fifa-extraordinary-congress-to-select-a-new-president-of-fifa-to-replace-sepp-blatter-gianni.md) _Context: FIFA_
5. [Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-federation-of-guatemala.md) _Context: FIFA_
6. [Lawyers for former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter confirm that he will appeal his eight year ban from the organisation. ](/news/2016/01/10/lawyers-for-former-fifa-chief-sepp-blatter-confirm-that-he-will-appeal-his-eight-year-ban-from-the-organisation.md) _Context: FIFA_
7. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: FIFA_
8. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: FIFA_
9. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: FIFA_
10. [Jeffrey Webb, a former Vice President of FIFA and President of CONCACAF, is reportedly charged with healthcare fraud in his native Cayman Islands. ](/news/2015/07/3/jeffrey-webb-a-former-vice-president-of-fifa-and-president-of-concacaf-is-reportedly-charged-with-healthcare-fraud-in-his-native-cayman-is.md) _Context: FIFA_
