### [2015-06-18](/news/2015/06/18/index.md)

# At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, ''Laudato si'''. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/18/world/pope-francis-climate-technology-encyclical/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/pope-calls-for-action-now-to-save-planet-stem-warming-help-poor/ar-AAbLMse)
3. [Vatican](http://w2.vatican.va/content/francesco/en/encyclicals/documents/papa-francesco_20150524_enciclica-laudato-si.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia, Vatican_
2. [Pope Francis encourages bishops from around the world to sign an appeal to world leaders, meeting in Paris next month, for crucial climate change talks. In a major teaching document in June, the encyclical Laudato Si' (Latin: Praised be), Francis denounced what he called the "structurally perverse" fossil fuel-based world economy that exploits the poor and destroys the habitability of the Earth for humans. ](/news/2015/10/19/pope-francis-encourages-bishops-from-around-the-world-to-sign-an-appeal-to-world-leaders-meeting-in-paris-next-month-for-crucial-climate-c.md) _Context: Laudato Si', Pope Francis, encyclical_
3. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
4. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
5. [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
6. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
7. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for  forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-th.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
8. [Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. ](/news/2015/06/27/pope-francis-in-an-apostolic-letter-done-motu-proprio-latin-on-his-own-initiative-creates-the-secretariat-for-communications-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
9. [Pope Francis, in the most significant reform of the Roman Curia in 25 years, creates a second Secretariat, for Economic Affairs, headed by a Cardinal (which will work with the Vatican Secretariat of State, the reformed Vatican bank, or IOR, and the other economic departments of the Roman Curia), which will have an office with the power to audit any Vatican agency at any time. ](/news/2014/02/24/pope-francis-in-the-most-significant-reform-of-the-roman-curia-in-25-years-creates-a-second-secretariat-for-economic-affairs-headed-by-a.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
10. [Pope Francis, in his first major action on the still very pressing issue, gives his assent during meetings on reform of the Roman Curia to the creation of a permanent expert-member Pontifical Commission which would advise the Catholic Church on how to deal with cases of the sin and crime of sex abuse of minors by those in Church ministries (as of now, it would not be able to take corrective action against lax Bishops; dioceses and then the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith are in charge of laicizing abusive clerics). ](/news/2013/12/5/pope-francis-in-his-first-major-action-on-the-still-very-pressing-issue-gives-his-assent-during-meetings-on-reform-of-the-roman-curia-to-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
