### [2015-06-18](/news/2015/06/18/index.md)

# The Legislative Council of Hong Kong rejects a Beijing-backed electoral reform which sparked the Occupy Central with Love and Peace movement. 

Hong Kong’s legislature rejected a Beijing-backed election-reform plan, dealing a setback to the former British colony’s relationship with mainland China.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/hong-kong-lawmakers-vote-down-beijing-backed-election-plan-1434603412)

### Related:

1. [Two Hong Kong Youngspiration party Legislative Council election victors  lose their appeal to take their seats in parliament by a High Court three-judge panel. Tomorrow, the High Court will hear the independence supporters' petition for a hearing by the Court of Final Appeal. ](/news/2016/11/30/two-hong-kong-youngspiration-party-legislative-council-election-victors-lose-their-appeal-to-take-their-seats-in-parliament-by-a-high-court.md) _Context: Legislative Council_
2. [Voters in Hong Kong go to the polls for a Legislative Council election, the first major election since the 2014 pro-democracy street protests. Several young pro-independence candidates win seats in the election. ](/news/2016/09/4/voters-in-hong-kong-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-council-election-the-first-major-election-since-the-2014-pro-democracy-street-protest.md) _Context: Legislative Council_
3. [The People's Republic of China announces that it will prosecute 357 people for the illegal sale of vaccines. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-people-s-republic-of-china-announces-that-it-will-prosecute-357-people-for-the-illegal-sale-of-vaccines.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
4. [The People's Republic of China expresses its opposition to unilateral sanctions against North Korea in the wake of the imposition of new sanctions by the United States on the country in response to its recent nuclear and rocket tests. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-its-opposition-to-unilateral-sanctions-against-north-korea-in-the-wake-of-the-imposition-of-new-san.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
5. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of  Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded  this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
6. [The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend-and-lasting-through.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
7. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
9. [Thousands of people march in Hong Kong to demand the Legislative Council reject a China backed proposal for the naming of candidates for Chief Executive be done by a nominating committee. ](/news/2015/06/14/thousands-of-people-march-in-hong-kong-to-demand-the-legislative-council-reject-a-china-backed-proposal-for-the-naming-of-candidates-for-chi.md) _Context: Legislative Council_
10. [There are overnight scuffles between members of the Hong Kong Police Force and Occupy Central with Love and Peace protesters for a second night. ](/news/2014/10/16/there-are-overnight-scuffles-between-members-of-the-hong-kong-police-force-and-occupy-central-with-love-and-peace-protesters-for-a-second-ni.md) _Context: Occupy Central with Love and Peace_
