### [2014-12-20](/news/2014/12/20/index.md)

# Israel launches an airstrike against an alleged Hamas base near Khan Yunis in retaliation for a rocket attack. 

Tensions expected to rise in Israeli-Palestinian conflict as Israel carries out an airstrike on Khan Younis - apparently in response to a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip.


### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2014/12/20/israel-launches-airstrike-on-gaza-in-apparent-retaliation-for-rocket-attack/)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Gaza-rocket-lands-in-open-area-in-southern-Israel-no-injuries-385190)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisraeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launche.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Hamas executions by firing squad of Palestinians accused of aiding Israel is condemned as murder by France, and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navi Pillay, urges Hamas to halt plans for further killings. ](/news/2010/04/19/israeliapalestinian-conflict-phamas-executions-by-firing-squad-of-palestinians-accused-of-aiding-israel-is-condemned-as-murder-by-france.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-pla.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Khan Yunis_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah.  Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Khan Yunis_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
