### [2014-12-20](/news/2014/12/20/index.md)

# Turkey issues an arrest warrant for Fethullah Gulen, who currently lives in self-imposed exile in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/20/world/europe/turkey-issues-arrest-warrant-for-a-rival-of-its-president.html)

### Related:

1. [Media freedom in Turkey: A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/media-freedom-in-turkey-a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4l.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey, United States_
2. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey, United States_
3. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C.: Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
4. [Turkey-United States relations: The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
6. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
7. [2016 Turkish purges: Turkish authorities detain 55 military and intelligence agency personnel over suspected links to U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-turkish-purges-turkish-authorities-detain-55-military-and-intelligence-agency-personnel-over-suspected-links-to-u-s-based-cleric-feth.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
8. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
9. [2016 Turkish purges: Turkey dismisses another 10,000 civil servants and closes 15 more media outlets for alleged ties to terrorist organizations and cleric Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/10/30/2016-turkish-purges-turkey-dismisses-another-10-000-civil-servants-and-closes-15-more-media-outlets-for-alleged-ties-to-terrorist-organizat.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
10. [Turkey-United States relations: Turkish government - Gulen Movement conflict: The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. ](/news/2016/08/23/turkey-united-states-relations-turkish-government-ga1-4len-movement-conflict-the-united-states-department-of-state-says-turkey-has-for.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
