### [2016-07-8](/news/2016/07/8/index.md)

# Human rights in the Philippines; The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. 

Duterte won the May 9 election by landslide largely on a pledge to kill tens of thousands of narcotics suspects and other criminals, and has urged the police and civilians to help in the killings.


### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/duterte-crime-war-out-of/2941446.html)
2. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/572919/news/nation/militant-group-bayan-asks-duterte-to-probe-killing-of-drug-suspects)

### Related:

1. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion; The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/07/4/cppanpaandf-rebellion-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-agrees-to-fight-drug-lords-after-its-legal-wing-bagong-alyansang-makabayan.md) _Context: Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, illegal drug trade_
2. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, illegal drug trade_
3. [Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-international-body-critic.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, human rights_
4. [Human rights in the Philippines; The Philippines House of Representatives seeks to investigate the rise in deaths of suspected drug dealers in the country. ](/news/2016/07/7/human-rights-in-the-philippines-the-philippines-house-of-representatives-seeks-to-investigate-the-rise-in-deaths-of-suspected-drug-dealers.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights, illegal drug trade_
5. [Human rights in the Philippines; Dozens of petty criminals and alleged drug addicts die in the Philippines within a few days after Rodrigo Duterte took the presidency. He actively encouraged extrajudicial killing of drug addicts and petty criminals before and after the election. ](/news/2016/07/5/human-rights-in-the-philippines-dozens-of-petty-criminals-and-alleged-drug-addicts-die-in-the-philippines-within-a-few-days-after-rodrigo-d.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, human rights_
6. [Human rights in the Philippines; Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/human-rights-in-the-philippines-ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-duterte-took-office-as.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, human rights_
7. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
