### [2016-07-8](/news/2016/07/8/index.md)

# NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/nato-summit-obama-oped-concrete-commitments/27845816.html)

### Related:

1. [NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-continue-to-fund-the-afg.md) _Context: 2016 Warsaw summit, NATO, Polish, Warsaw_
2. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respon.md) _Context: NATO, Polish, Russia_
3. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO, Polish, Russia_
4. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: 2016 Warsaw summit, NATO, Polish_
5. [NATO's Aegis Ashore Ballistic Missile Defense System becomes partly operational at Romania's Deveselu airbase, as U.S. Navy personnel takes control of the site after years of construction. Aegis Ashore facilities in Romania form part of NATO's European missile defence system, with another site under construction in Poland expected to become operational by 2018. The United States Ambassador to Romania Hans G. Klemm says that they have explained to the Russians on numerous occasions that the missile system is, "not directed at Russia, nor does it have the capability to threaten Russia." The head of Russia's Strategic Missile Troops, Colonel General Sergei Karakayev, has dismissed the purported effectiveness of the missile defense system, saying Moscow develops "brand new and effective means and techniques to penetrate any missile defense system". ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-s-aegis-ashore-ballistic-missile-defense-system-becomes-partly-operational-at-romania-s-deveselu-airbase-as-u-s-navy-personnel-takes.md) _Context: NATO, Polish, Russia_

### Changes:

1. [2016 Warsaw summit: NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:26 (First version)_
1. [NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments-in-bolstering-its-pr.md) _(Current version)_
