### [2016-07-8](/news/2016/07/8/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idlib-idUSKCN0ZO1BZ)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-16). The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Idlib, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Islamic State fighters take control of a section of road running between the towns of Khanaser and Ithriya, southeast of Aleppo, according to a monitoring group. This threatens the Syrian army's only supply route into the city. ](/news/2015/10/23/syrian-civil-war-islamic-state-fighters-take-control-of-a-section-of-road-running-between-the-towns-of-khanaser-and-ithriya-southeast-of-a.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/syrian-civil-war-following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idl.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Islamist rebels execute 56 Syrian Army personnel following the capture of the Abu al-Duhur airbase in the Idlib Governorate according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/09/19/syrian-civil-war-islamist-rebels-execute-56-syrian-army-personnel-following-the-capture-of-the-abu-al-duhur-airbase-in-the-idlib-governorat.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that at least 70 Syrian Army soldiers and more than 80 insurgents have died in recent fighting around the city of Aleppo. ](/news/2015/02/18/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-at-least-70-syrian-army-soldiers-and-more-than-80-insurgents-have-d.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian civil war:. Rebels take over the city of Harem in Idlib Governorate on the border with Turkey, about 55 kms west of Aleppo. ](/news/2012/12/25/syrian-civil-war-rebels-take-over-the-city-of-harem-in-idlib-governorate-on-the-border-with-turkey-about-55-kms-west-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Idlib Governorate clashes (2017). Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War. A fuel truck explodes in the Syrian town of Azaz, near the border with Turkey, killing at least 43 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/7/syrian-civil-war-a-fuel-truck-explodes-in-the-syrian-town-of-azaz-near-the-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-43-people-according-to-th.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Turkey_
10. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Turkey_
