### [2016-07-8](/news/2016/07/8/index.md)

# The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. 

Duterte won the May 9 election by landslide largely on a pledge to kill tens of thousands of narcotics suspects and other criminals, and has urged the police and civilians to help in the killings.


### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/duterte-crime-war-out-of/2941446.html)
2. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/572919/news/nation/militant-group-bayan-asks-duterte-to-probe-killing-of-drug-suspects)

### Related:

1. [The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-agrees-to-fight-drug-lords-after-its-legal-wing-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-joins-the-government-cabin.md) _Context: Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem_
2. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem_
3. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech calling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in-his-privilege-speech.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, decades-old problem_
5. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congratulates-duterte-on-h.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-leni.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
