### [2016-07-8](/news/2016/07/8/index.md)

# Zika virus epidemic. The death of an elderly Utah woman with a Zika virus infection in late June is the first reported Zika-related death in the continental United States. The woman had traveled to an area where Zika is spreading. The exact cause of death has not been determined; the lady had an underlying medical condition. 

The death in June is the first related to the Zika virus in the continental U.S. An elderly Puerto Rican man died in April from Zika complications.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/zika-virus-outbreak/zika-patient-dies-utah-1st-related-death-continental-u-s-n606206)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4398952/zika-death-utah-continental-us/)

### Related:

1. [Zika virus epidemic. More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus epidemic_
2. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017. Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: contiguous United States_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: Zika virus_
4. [United States House of Representatives elections, 2018. Utah representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, announces that he will not run for re-election next year. ](/news/2017/04/19/united-states-house-of-representatives-elections-2018-utah-representative-jason-chaffetz-chairman-of-the-house-oversight-committee-annou.md) _Context: Utah_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the Bears Ears in Utah and Gold Butte area of Nevada as National Monuments. Both are known for the presence of Native American populations and archaeological sites. ](/news/2016/12/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-bears-ears-in-utah-and-gold-butte-area-of-nevada-as-national-monuments-both-are-known-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Utah_
6. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Zika virus_
7. [Zika virus outbreak. The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/zika-virus-outbreak-the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-b.md) _Context: Zika virus_
8. [Zika virus outbreak timeline. Vietnam reports its first microcephaly case likely to be linked to the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/10/30/zika-virus-outbreak-timeline-vietnam-reports-its-first-microcephaly-case-likely-to-be-linked-to-the-zika-virus.md) _Context: Zika virus_
9. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-alread.md) _Context: Zika virus_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Miami Beach authorities begin spraying for the Zika virus despite protests. ](/news/2016/09/9/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-miami-beach-authorities-begin-spraying-for-the-zika-virus-despite-protests.md) _Context: Zika virus_
