### [2005-11-8](/news/2005/11/8/index.md)

#  2005 United States elections. In the off-year elections, Democrats Tim Kaine and Jon Corzine are elected governor of Virginia and New Jersey, respectively. 




### Related:

1. [Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, and the Governor of Indiana Mike Pence hold the first and only vice-presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. ](/news/2016/10/4/democratic-senator-tim-kaine-and-the-governor-of-indiana-mike-pence-hold-the-first-and-only-vice-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Tim Kaine_
2. [Democratic Governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe is being investigated by federal prosecutors over campaign contributions, including a foreign contribution from a Chinese businessman, and what they consider to be "suspicious personal finances", as part of a public integrity probe that has lasted for more than a year, according to officials. The United States Department of Justice would not confirm or deny the investigation. ](/news/2016/05/23/democratic-governor-of-virginia-terry-mcauliffe-is-being-investigated-by-federal-prosecutors-over-campaign-contributions-including-a-foreig.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Governor of Virginia_
3. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. ](/news/2009/01/4/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-virginia-governor-tim-kaine-to-be-the-democratic-national-committee-s-next-chairperson.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Tim Kaine_
4. [ Virginia Tech massacre: Tim Kaine, the Governor of Virginia announces an inquiry into the massacre. ](/news/2007/04/19/virginia-tech-massacre-p-tim-kaine-the-governor-of-virginia-announces-an-inquiry-into-the-massacre.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Tim Kaine_
5. [ A police report shows that New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine was not wearing a seatbelt during the hit and run car accident that injured him the day before. ](/news/2007/04/13/a-police-report-shows-that-new-jersey-governor-jon-corzine-was-not-wearing-a-seatbelt-during-the-hit-and-run-car-accident-that-injured-him.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey Governor_
6. [ Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine suffers numerous serious injuries resulting from a hit and run car accident on the Garden State Parkway in Galloway Township. ](/news/2007/04/12/governor-of-new-jersey-jon-corzine-suffers-numerous-serious-injuries-resulting-from-a-hit-and-run-car-accident-on-the-garden-state-parkway.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey Governor_
7. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I've seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey Governor_
8. [ United States Senator Jon Corzine wins the New Jersey Democratic Party gubernatorial primary. Doug Forrester, a former mayor, wins the New Jersey Republican Party gubernatorial primary after a heated contest with another former mayor, Bret Schundler. The November 2005 election will be the first since Governor James McGreevey resigned over a scandal in which he was revealed to be homosexual. ](/news/2005/06/7/united-states-senator-jon-corzine-wins-the-new-jersey-democratic-party-gubernatorial-primary-doug-forrester-a-former-mayor-wins-the-new.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Jon Corzine_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
