### [2005-11-8](/news/2005/11/8/index.md)

#  2005 civil unrest in France: French President Jacques Chirac declares a state of emergency on the twelfth day of rioting in the banlieues. This followed the re-activation in a cabinet emergency session of a 1955 law allowing local authorities to impose curfews. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/11/08/international/europe/08cnd-france.html (New York Times)] (registation required)




### Related:

1. [Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-of-rioting.md) _Context: curfew, states of emergency_
2. [A state of emergency and curfew are declared in Christchurch, New Zealand, after the 2010 Canterbury earthquake. ](/news/2010/09/4/a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-are-declared-in-christchurch-new-zealand-after-the-2010-canterbury-earthquake.md) _Context: curfew, states of emergency_
3. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva lifts a curfew in the capital Bangkok and 23 provinces in the aftermath of protests but a state of emergency would remain. ](/news/2010/05/29/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-lifts-a-curfew-in-the-capital-bangkok-and-23-provinces-in-the-aftermath-of-protests-but-a-state-of-eme.md) _Context: curfew, states of emergency_
4. [ 2006-2007 Bangladeshi political crisis: Bangladesh President Iajuddin Ahmed steps down as interim leader just hours after declaring a state of emergency and a curfew in the country. ](/news/2007/01/11/2006a2007-bangladeshi-political-crisis-bangladesh-president-iajuddin-ahmed-steps-down-as-interim-leader-just-hours-after-declaring-a-sta.md) _Context: curfew, states of emergency_
5. [ The French Parliament permits President Jacques Chirac's government to extend emergency powers for three months to quell civil unrest. ](/news/2005/11/15/the-french-parliament-permits-president-jacques-chirac-s-government-to-extend-emergency-powers-for-three-months-to-quell-civil-unrest.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, civil unrest_
6. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 kp/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-kp-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
7. [The La Tuna fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
8. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
9. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency_
