### [2005-11-8](/news/2005/11/8/index.md)

#  Trial of Saddam Hussein: Three gunmen assassinate Adel al-Zubeidi, the defense lawyer for Taha Yassin Ramadan, who was vice president of Iraq under Saddam Hussein.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq's High Tribunal sentences former Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan to death for his role in the 1982 killing of 148 men and boys in Dujail following an unsuccessful assassination attempt against Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2007/02/12/iraq-s-high-tribunal-sentences-former-vice-president-taha-yassin-ramadan-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-1982-killing-of-148-men-and-boys-in-d.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, Taha Yassin Ramadan, Vice President, assassinated_
2. [ Taha Yassin Ramadan, former Baathist Vice President of Iraq and the "Ten of Diamonds" in the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards, is hanged in Baghdad for his role in the Dujail killings. ](/news/2007/03/20/taha-yassin-ramadan-former-baathist-vice-president-of-iraq-and-the-ten-of-diamonds-in-the-most-wanted-iraqi-playing-cards-is-hanged-in.md) _Context: Taha Yassin Ramadan, Vice President_
3. [ The government of Iraq seeks custody of former Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan so he can be hanged at dawn tomorrow after having been recently sentenced to death for his role in killing 148 Shiites in 1982. ](/news/2007/03/19/the-government-of-iraq-seeks-custody-of-former-vice-president-taha-yassin-ramadan-so-he-can-be-hanged-at-dawn-tomorrow-after-having-been-re.md) _Context: Taha Yassin Ramadan, Vice President_
4. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, Trial of Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein:: The trial of Saddam Hussein for alleged genocide of Kurds during the Anfal campaign resumes today. ](/news/2006/11/7/trial-of-saddam-hussein-the-trial-of-saddam-hussein-for-alleged-genocide-of-kurds-during-the-anfal-campaign-resumes-today.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, Trial of Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Saddam Hussein's principal defense lawyer, Khamis al-Obeidi, is assassinated in Baghdad. ](/news/2006/06/21/saddam-hussein-s-principal-defense-lawyer-khamis-al-obeidi-is-assassinated-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, assassinated_
7. [ Iraqi prosecutors in the Trials of Saddam Hussein call for Saddam Hussein to be sentenced to death, together with his half brother Barzan al-Tikriti and former vice-president Taha Yassin Ramadan. ](/news/2006/06/19/iraqi-prosecutors-in-the-trials-of-saddam-hussein-call-for-saddam-hussein-to-be-sentenced-to-death-together-with-his-half-brother-barzan-a.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, Taha Yassin Ramadan_
8. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: assassinated_
9. [War in Afghanistan: The Vice President of Afghanistan, Abdul Rashid Dostum, survives yet another assassination attempt. ](/news/2016/10/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-vice-president-of-afghanistan-abdul-rashid-dostum-survives-yet-another-assassination-attempt.md) _Context: assassinated_
10. [Russia-Spain relations: A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: assassinated_
