### [2007-03-29](/news/2007/03/29/index.md)

#  Beef from the United States goes on sale in Japan as a ban imposed due to mad cow disease in the U.S. is lifted. 




### Source:

1. [AP via The Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/fn/4670694.html)

### Related:

1. [ Kim Jong-hoon, the South Korean Minister for Trade, heads to the United States to push for additional safeguards against mad cow disease in talks with Susan Schwab, the United States Trade Representative as protests continue in South Korea over the decision to resume importing beef from the United States. ](/news/2008/06/13/kim-jong-hoon-the-south-korean-minister-for-trade-heads-to-the-united-states-to-push-for-additional-safeguards-against-mad-cow-disease-in.md) _Context: U.S., beef, mad cow disease_
2. [ Following the detection of BSE in a Mabton, Washington cow, several countries (including Japan, Russia, Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong) announce a ban on the importation of U.S. beef. ](/news/2003/12/24/following-the-detection-of-bse-in-a-mabton-washington-cow-several-countries-including-japan-russia-singapore-taiwan-and-hong-kong-a.md) _Context: Japan, U.S., beef_
3. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
4. [Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for  the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-spurred-on-by-last-month-s-arrest.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
5. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
6. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
7. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
8. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
9. [North Korea fires two mid-range ballistic missiles as the leaders of the United States, Japan and South Korea meet to discuss the security threat it poses to the region. ](/news/2014/03/26/north-korea-fires-two-mid-range-ballistic-missiles-as-the-leaders-of-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-to-discuss-the-security-t.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
10. [2014 Crimean crisis - Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promoting-the-secession-of.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
