### [2007-03-29](/news/2007/03/29/index.md)

#  Powerful tornadoes hit several U.S. states, killing a couple in Oklahoma, a woman in Colorado and a man in Texas. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6508501.stm)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado, Texas, United States, tornado_
2. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas, tornado_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Colorado, Oklahoma!, Texas_
4. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas, United States_
5. [The suspect wanted in connection with the shooting death of prison chief Tom Clements in Colorado, is believed to be the man that was killed in a shootout with deputies in Montague County, Texas, United States. A deputy was seriously injured in the shootout. ](/news/2013/03/21/the-suspect-wanted-in-connection-with-the-shooting-death-of-prison-chief-tom-clements-in-colorado-is-believed-to-be-the-man-that-was-killed.md) _Context: Colorado, Texas, United States_
6. [The remnants of Tropical Storm Hermine causes widespread flooding in the US states of Texas and Oklahoma with at least two people dead. ](/news/2010/09/8/the-remnants-of-tropical-storm-hermine-causes-widespread-flooding-in-the-us-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma-with-at-least-two-people-dead.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas, United States_
7. [ Western U.S. Freeze of 2007:. 65 deaths have been attributed to blizzards, ice storms and freezing rain since Friday (January 12) in nine U.S. states, including 23 in Oklahoma and 10 in Texas. ](/news/2007/01/18/western-u-s-freeze-of-2007-65-deaths-have-been-attributed-to-blizzards-ice-storms-and-freezing-rain-since-friday-january-12-in-nine-u.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas, United States_
8. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017. Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
9. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
10. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
