### [2007-03-29](/news/2007/03/29/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council expresses "grave concern" over the capture of 15 Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines by Iran and calls for expedient release of the captives. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2007/03/29/world/main2622213.shtml?source=mostpop_story)

### Related:

1. [ The United Kingdom Ministry of Defence bans any more of the 15 Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines held captive by Iran from selling their stories to the media reversing a previous decision following widespread criticism. ](/news/2007/04/9/the-united-kingdom-ministry-of-defence-bans-any-more-of-the-15-royal-navy-sailors-and-royal-marines-held-captive-by-iran-from-selling-their.md) _Context: Royal Marine, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran, sailor_
2. [ Iranian seizure of British Navy personnel:. The United States rules out exchanging five Iranian officials seized in Irbil, Iraq, in January 2007 for the 15 Royal Navy sailors seized by Iran. ](/news/2007/03/31/iranian-seizure-of-british-navy-personnel-the-united-states-rules-out-exchanging-five-iranian-officials-seized-in-irbil-iraq-in-january.md) _Context: Iran, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
3. [ Iranian seizure of British Navy personnel:. A Royal Navy sailor identified as Nathan Thomas Summers appeared on Iranian TV, admitting to and apologizing for entering Iranian territory and his government's wartime actions in general. Tony Blair dismisses the statement as forced. ](/news/2007/03/30/iranian-seizure-of-british-navy-personnel-a-royal-navy-sailor-identified-as-nathan-thomas-summers-appeared-on-iranian-tv-admitting-to-an.md) _Context: Iran, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
4. [ The UK Ministry of Defence has published exact co-ordinates of the location of the Royal Navy personnel when they were seized by Iran. According to this data the soldiers were 1.7 nautical miles within Iraqi waters at the time of their capture. ](/news/2007/03/28/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-has-published-exact-co-ordinates-of-the-location-of-the-royal-navy-personnel-when-they-were-seized-by-iran-acco.md) _Context: Iran, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
5. [ UK says requests for access to 15 Royal Navy personnel held by Iran have been denied. ](/news/2007/03/25/uk-says-requests-for-access-to-15-royal-navy-personnel-held-by-iran-have-been-denied.md) _Context: Iran, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
6. [Iran and weapons of mass destruction. Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/iran-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-o.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
7. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
8. [Nuclear program of Iran. The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves the Nuclear Pact between Iran and a group of six world powers in return for sanctions relief. ](/news/2015/07/20/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-the-nuclear-pact-between-iran-and-a-group-of-si.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
