### [2007-03-29](/news/2007/03/29/index.md)

#  The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.




### Related:

1. [ The United States Senate votes 52-47 to approve a budget plan that aims to achieve a balanced budget within five years and aims to find offsets for tax cuts passed in President Bush's first term. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-united-states-senate-votes-52-47-to-approve-a-budget-plan-that-aims-to-achieve-a-balanced-budget-within-five-years-and-aims-to-find-off.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate, budget_
2. [ The United States Senate passes legislation normalising trade with Vietnam, renewing tax cuts and opening the Gulf of Mexico to new drilling for oil and gas fields. The legislation had earlier been passed by the United States House of Representatives  and will now go to President of the United States George W. Bush for approval. ](/news/2006/12/9/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-normalising-trade-with-vietnam-renewing-tax-cuts-and-opening-the-gulf-of-mexico-to-new-drillin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. House, United States Senate_
3. [ Legislation passes in the U.S. House and Senate giving President Bush authority to detain, interrogate and try terrorism detainees before military commissions. (San Francisco Examiner)](/news/2006/09/27/legislation-passes-in-the-u-s-house-and-senate-giving-president-bush-authority-to-detain-interrogate-and-try-terrorism-detainees-before-m.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. House, United States Senate_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush delivers the State of the Union Address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress (the House of Representatives and the Senate).  Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/01/31/sheehan.arrest/index.html?section=cnn_topstories (CNN)] Also directed out of the U.S. Capitol Building was Beverly Young, wife of GOP congressman Bill Young, for wearing a T-shirt that read "Support the Troops: Defending Our Freedom" [http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/story?id=1567217&WNTad=true (ABC)].](/news/2006/01/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-delivers-the-state-of-the-union-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. House, United States Senate_
5. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a $1.17 billion funding bill for Amtrak in fiscal year 2006, an amount that is still short of the $2 billion Amtrak was originally seeking. The funding was approved in an amendment to a more general transportation and treasury appropriations bill. The House also removed the requirement in the bill that would mandate Amtrak to end passenger train service on currently unprofitable routes. The funding has yet to be approved by the Senate.](/news/2005/06/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-1-17-billion-funding-bill-for-amtrak-in-fiscal-year-2006-an-amount-that-is-still-shor.md) _Context: U.S. House, U.S. dollar, United States Senate_
6. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary-of-health-and-human-servi.md) _Context: U.S. House, United States Senate_
7. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: U.S. House, United States Senate_
8. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: U.S. House, United States Senate_
9. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: U.S. House, United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: U.S. House, United States Senate_
