### [2012-09-12](/news/2012/09/12/index.md)

# Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. 




### Source:

1. [ANP via ''Google](http://www.google.nl/elections/ed/nl/results)
2. [NOS](http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=nl&tl=en&js=n&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=2&eotf=1&u=http%3A%2F%2Fnos.nl%2Fliveblog%2F417626-live-de-verkiezingen-2012.html)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/dutch-election-could-change-countrys-allegiances-in-eu-efforts-to-resolve-debt-crisis/2012/09/12/c077d5d4-fc97-11e1-98c6-ec0a0a93f8eb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: Diederik Samsom, House of Representatives, Labour Party, Mark Rutte, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Prime Minister, general election in the Netherlands_
2. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Prime Minister_
3. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund ("the troika") want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: Diederik Samsom, Labour Party, Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
4. [Mark Rutte of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is asked by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to become Prime Minister of the Netherlands leading a coalition government. ](/news/2010/10/7/mark-rutte-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-asked-by-queen-beatrix-of-the-netherlands-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-neth.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Prime Minister_
5. [In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memorial-for-the-vic.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands, Prime Minister_
6. [Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers is injured in a car accident and rushed to a hospital with minor injuries. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-and-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-ruud-lubbers-is-injured-in-a-car-accident-and-rus.md) _Context: Netherlands, Prime Minister_
7. [Anouchka van Miltenburg of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is elected as President of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, giving the VVD the "Big Three" in Dutch politics: Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/09/25/anouchka-van-miltenburg-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-is-elected-as-president-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Prime Minister_
8. [Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte tenders his government's resignation to Queen Beatrix, paving the way for early elections. ](/news/2012/04/23/prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-mark-rutte-tenders-his-government-s-resignation-to-queen-beatrix-paving-the-way-for-early-elections.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
9. [In the Netherlands, Job Cohen, the leader of the Labour Party, resigns his position after increasing criticism of his performance. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-netherlands-job-cohen-the-leader-of-the-labour-party-resigns-his-position-after-increasing-criticism-of-his-performance.md) _Context: Labour Party, Netherlands_
10. [Elections in the Netherlands: Dutch provincial elections of 2011. The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) obtain the highest number of votes cast, The Labour Party (PvdA) obtain the second highest number of votes. ](/news/2011/03/2/elections-in-the-netherlands-dutch-provincial-elections-of-2011-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-obtain-the-highest-numb.md) _Context: Labour Party, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
