### [2012-09-12](/news/2012/09/12/index.md)

# The miners' strike movement in South Africa extends to Anglo Platinum in Rustenburg. At least 45 people have died in the ongoing Lonmin Marikana miners' strike. 

More than 1,500 striking workers moving from shaft to shaft at Amplats platinum mine urging others to put down tools.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2012/09/201291265611275964.html)

### Related:

1. [Workers say a miner is killed by a police rubber bullet near Rustenburg. A National Union of Mineworkers branch leader of Lonmin is killed at his house in Marikana, South Africa. ](/news/2012/10/5/workers-say-a-miner-is-killed-by-a-police-rubber-bullet-near-rustenburg-a-national-union-of-mineworkers-branch-leader-of-lonmin-is-killed-a.md) _Context: Lonmin, Rustenburg, South Africa_
2. [Lonmin shares are slightly up on hopes of talks. Solidarity, a major trade union, does not share the optimism yet. A new shooting today at a gold mine in Johannesburg wounds at least four. South Africa conditionally releases 162 of the 270 miners who were detained for killing their fellow miners at Marikana last month. ](/news/2012/09/3/lonmin-shares-are-slightly-up-on-hopes-of-talks-solidarity-a-major-trade-union-does-not-share-the-optimism-yet-a-new-shooting-today-at-a.md) _Context: Lonmin, South Africa, the shooting of 34 miners_
3. [The death toll following yesterday's clash between South African police and Lonmin striking miners in Marikana, Rustenburg, rises to 34. South African President Jacob Zuma announces an inquiry. ](/news/2012/08/17/the-death-toll-following-yesterday-s-clash-between-south-african-police-and-lonmin-striking-miners-in-marikana-rustenburg-rises-to-34-sou.md) _Context: Lonmin, Rustenburg, the shooting of 34 miners_
4. [Police attack Anglo American Platinum mine workers with rubber bullets, tear gas and stun grenades in Rustenburg, South Africa. ](/news/2012/10/30/police-attack-anglo-american-platinum-mine-workers-with-rubber-bullets-tear-gas-and-stun-grenades-in-rustenburg-south-africa.md) _Context: Rustenburg, South Africa_
5. [Police authorities in South Africa admit the shooting of 34 miners by police "may have been disproportionate" to the danger faced by those in charge. ](/news/2012/10/22/police-authorities-in-south-africa-admit-the-shooting-of-34-miners-by-police-may-have-been-disproportionate-to-the-danger-faced-by-those-i.md) _Context: South Africa, the shooting of 34 miners_
6. [After public anger, a prosecutor in South Africa provisionally withdraws charges against 270 miners accused of killing 34 striking colleagues shot by police. The strike enters its fourth week. ](/news/2012/09/2/after-public-anger-a-prosecutor-in-south-africa-provisionally-withdraws-charges-against-270-miners-accused-of-killing-34-striking-colleague.md) _Context: South Africa, the shooting of 34 miners_
7. [Around 10,000 South African miners demonstrate at the Lonmin mines in Marikana ("Rooikoppies"), Rustenburg, Bojanala Platinum district, North West province. Fifteen thousand miners strike at the Gold Fields KDC West Driefontein mine. ](/news/2012/09/10/around-10-000-south-african-miners-demonstrate-at-the-lonmin-mines-in-marikana-rooikoppies-rustenburg-bojanala-platinum-district-nort.md) _Context: Lonmin, South Africa_
8. [South African Premier Division: Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/south-african-premier-division-two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-jo.md) _Context: South Africa_
9. [Wildfires in South Africa: Up to 10,000 people have been evacuated from Knysna Local Municipality on Garden Route in South Africa after wildfire destroyed 150 homes. The Wildfire is connected to the worst windstorm in 30 years, which already killed at least 8 people in Cape Town. [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-40199270 (BBC)], [https://www.enca.com/south-africa/knysna-toddler-dies-on-birthday (ENCA)], [https://www.rte.ie/news/world/2017/0608/881071-south_africa/ (RTE)], [http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/storm-kills-displaces-thousands-cape-town-170608052748704.html (Al Jazeera)], [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/world/africa/south-africa-cape-town-storm-fires.html "(The New York Times)"]](/news/2017/06/8/wildfires-in-south-africa-up-to-10-000-people-have-been-evacuated-from-knysna-local-municipality-on-garden-route-in-south-africa-after-wild.md) _Context: South Africa_
10. [Economy of South Africa: The giant South Africa based cement company, PPC Ltd., presents its first quarter results, dominated by the "impact of a liquidity crisis precipitated by an unexpected S&P debt downgrade." ](/news/2017/06/7/economy-of-south-africa-the-giant-south-africa-based-cement-company-ppc-ltd-presents-its-first-quarter-results-dominated-by-the-impact.md) _Context: South Africa_
