### [2012-09-12](/news/2012/09/12/index.md)

# U.S. president Barack Obama strongly condemns the "outrageous attack" that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other U.S. citizens in Benghazi, Libya, saying that the United States rejects denigration of religious beliefs but also rejects the "senseless violence that killed the US diplomat". 

&quot;We are shocked that ... Governor Romney would choose to launch a political attack.&quot;


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5ifWYKzUPaqJJsJ5aj-58K0JCL1Fg?docId=91c9d18979f24144ba8ea358237f046f)
2. [Boston.com](http://www.boston.com/news/nation/washington/2012/09/12/marines-headed-libya-reinforce-security/C6KmiCMqoU9GLhE12VDsKK/story.html)
3. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/libya-egypt-us-embassy-attacks-romney-obama-2012-9)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/09/12/world/africa/libya-us-ambassador-killed/index.html)
5. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/09/syrian-activists-libya-egypt-protests-mohammed-video.html)
6. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/09/us-ambassador-killed-libya.html)
7. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2012/09/12/afghanistan-youtube-idINL3E8KC3QJ20120912)
8. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10000872396390444017504577645681057498266.html?mod=wsj_share_tweet)

### Related:

1. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
3. [ United States President Barack Obama ends the American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country. ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
4. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
5. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
6. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
7. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
8. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces executive orders to defer the deportations of a certain group of illegal immigrants: parents whose children are already U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents who have lived in the United States for five years or more. ](/news/2014/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-executive-orders-to-defer-the-deportations-of-a-certain-group-of-illegal-immigrant.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-partial-shutdown-of-government-agencies-after-the-hou.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, U.S._
