### [2002-08-7](/news/2002/08/7/index.md)

#  Three members of Manchester rock band Oasis have been injured in a head-on car crash in Indianapolis while on tour in the U.S. None were seriously injured.




### Related:

1. [ Noel Gallagher leaves the British rock band Oasis. ](/news/2009/08/29/noel-gallagher-leaves-the-british-rock-band-oasis.md) _Context: Oasis, rock music_
2. [Chuck Berry, pioneering rock music singer and guitarist, dies in the U.S. state of Missouri at the age of 90. Berry was one of the first inductees in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. ](/news/2017/03/18/chuck-berry-pioneering-rock-music-singer-and-guitarist-dies-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri-at-the-age-of-90-berry-was-one-of-the-first-ind.md) _Context: rock music_
3. [At least six Britons from Manchester and Glasgow are killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia while they were on pilgrimage. ](/news/2017/01/19/at-least-six-britons-from-manchester-and-glasgow-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-in-saudi-arabia-while-they-were-on-pilgrimage.md) _Context: Manchester_
4. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter   movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birmi.md) _Context: Manchester_
5. [The 2016 United States women's college basketball national championship will be decided when two former Big East Conference foes meet at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis at 8:30 p.m. EDT, Tuesday, April 5, 2016. Connecticut topped Oregon State 80-51, and Syracuse claimed an 80-59 win over Washington in Sunday's semifinals. Syracuse (30-7, 13-3 ACC) will be making its first appearance in the NCAA title game. UConn (37-0, 18-0 American), a 10-time national champion and defending champion for the fourth straight season, has won every title game it has played in. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-2016-united-states-women-s-college-basketball-national-championship-will-be-decided-when-two-former-big-east-conference-foes-meet-at-ban.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
6. [A fire severely damages the 16th century Wythenshawe Hall, near Manchester, England. ](/news/2016/03/15/a-fire-severely-damages-the-16th-century-wythenshawe-hall-near-manchester-england.md) _Context: Manchester_
7. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria.  ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
8. [Anthony Crolla of England wins the World Boxing Association lightweight title defeating Darleys Perez in a title fight in Manchester. ](/news/2015/11/21/anthony-crolla-of-england-wins-the-world-boxing-association-lightweight-title-defeating-darleys-perez-in-a-title-fight-in-manchester.md) _Context: Manchester_
9. [Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle reaches a plea deal with U.S. federal prosecutors in Indianapolis. Fogle will plead guilty to possessing and distributing child pornography and traveling across state lines to have sex with at least two teenage girls. Under the deal, he will serve from 5 to 121/2 years in prison, and will also pay $1.4 million in restitution to 14 victims. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-subway-pitchman-jared-fogle-reaches-a-plea-deal-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-indianapolis-fogle-will-plead-guilty-to-possessing.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
10. [Nobel Prize winner John Forbes Nash, Jr. and his wife Alicia died in a taxi accident. ](/news/2015/05/24/nobel-prize-winner-john-forbes-nash-jr-and-his-wife-alicia-died-in-a-taxi-accident.md) _Context: accident_
