### [2003-09-18](/news/2003/09/18/index.md)

#  International Atomic Energy Agency: Iranian officials give signals that they do not intend to comply with a resolution passed by the United Nations's nuclear watchdog giving Tehran until the end of next month to come clean on its atomic programme. Parliamentary speaker Mehdi Karrubi, a close ally of President Mohammad Khatami, said the IAEA resolution was "political" and that "the Iranian people will not accept giving in to the logic of force."




### Related:

1. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran, United Nations_
2. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, United Nations_
3. [International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) director general Yukiya Amano begins talks in Tehran aimed at convincing the Iranian government to co-operate with the agency. ](/news/2012/05/21/international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-director-general-yukiya-amano-begins-talks-in-tehran-aimed-at-convincing-the-iranian-government-to.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
4. [International Atomic Energy Agency nuclear inspectors arrive in Tehran to hold discussions about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/02/20/international-atomic-energy-agency-nuclear-inspectors-arrive-in-tehran-to-hold-discussions-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
5. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
6. [ Inspectors from the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), arrive in Iran to inspect a newly disclosed nuclear facility near the city of Qom. ](/news/2009/10/25/inspectors-from-the-united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-arrive-in-iran-to-inspect-a-newly-disc.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
7. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency propose draft agreement for Iran and three world powers to agree, aimed at reducing international concerns over Tehran's nuclear programme. ](/news/2009/10/21/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-propose-draft-agreement-for-iran-and-three-world-powers-to-agree-aimed-at-reducing-international-co.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
8. [ Iran invites the International Atomic Energy Agency to Tehran to discuss its nuclear program. ](/news/2007/06/25/iran-invites-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-to-tehran-to-discuss-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Tehran_
9. [ Iran announces that it is partially suspending cooperation with the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency and will no longer advise it of new steps taken in its nuclear program. ](/news/2007/03/25/iran-announces-that-it-is-partially-suspending-cooperation-with-the-united-nations-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-will-no-longer-ad.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
10. [ Iran: Iranian Vice President Mohammad Ali Abtahi states that President Mohammad Khatami rejects compromise with hard-line opponents over key reform bills. The bills seek to curb the conservatives' power.](/news/2003/09/3/iran-iranian-vice-president-mohammad-ali-abtahi-states-that-president-mohammad-khatami-rejects-compromise-with-hard-line-opponents-over-ke.md) _Context: Iran, Mohammad Khatami, President_
