### [2016-01-10](/news/2016/01/10/index.md)

# 2016 North Korean nuclear test: A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/northkorea-nuclear-idUSKCN0UO01I20160110)

### Related:

1. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [A United States Air Force B-52 Stratofortress crashes at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam. All seven aircrew members escaped. No injuries have been reported. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-united-states-air-force-b-52-stratofortress-crashes-at-andersen-air-force-base-on-guam-all-seven-aircrew-members-escaped-no-injuries-hav.md) _Context: Air Force, American B-52 strategic bomber, Guam_
3. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: South Korea says it will resume cross-border propaganda broadcasts and limit entry to the Kaesong Industrial Region in response to yesterday's nuclear test at the North's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. North Korea considers the propaganda broadcasts to be "an act of war". ](/news/2016/01/7/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-south-korea-says-it-will-resume-cross-border-propaganda-broadcasts-and-limit-entry-to-the-kaesong-industrial.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, nuclear test_
4. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: South Korea and the People's Republic of China will hold talks to develop a joint response to last week's North Korean nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/14/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-south-korea-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-will-hold-talks-to-develop-a-joint-response-to-last-week-s-no.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, nuclear test_
5. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: Korean Demilitarized Zone: North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-korea-south-korea-relations-korean-demilitarized-zone-north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [A South Korean official claims that North Korea is placing land mines in the Korean Demilitarized Zone to stop soldiers from defecting. The Korean DMZ already contains an estimated 1 million mines. ](/news/2015/06/14/a-south-korean-official-claims-that-north-korea-is-placing-land-mines-in-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-to-stop-soldiers-from-defecting-the.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korean sources say a North Korean medium range missile has been moved to the eastern coast and that it may be ready for testing or for attacking Japan or Guam. ](/news/2013/04/4/2013-korean-crisis-south-korean-sources-say-a-north-korean-medium-range-missile-has-been-moved-to-the-eastern-coast-and-that-it-may-be-rea.md) _Context: Guam, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [A United States military Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter crashes near South Korea's border with North Korea, with no reported casualties. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-united-states-military-sikorsky-ch-53-sea-stallion-helicopter-crashes-near-south-korea-s-border-with-north-korea-with-no-reported-casualt.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-k.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
