### [2016-01-10](/news/2016/01/10/index.md)

# A suspected Saudi missile strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) clinic in Razih, located in Yemen's northern Saada Governorate, leaves at least five people dead and around a dozen injured. 

At least five people have been killed in a missile strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres medical facility in Yemen. The organization “strongly condemns this,” while adding that 10 people have been injured in the attack.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/328425-yemen-msf-clinic-attack/)

### Related:

1. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
2. [The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-from-noon.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
3. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
4. [A Yemeni hospital in Saada run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) is destroyed by several Saudi-led coalition airstrikes overnight. The director of the hospital, Ali Mughli, reported "The air raids resulted in the destruction of the entire hospital with all that was inside - devices and medical supplies - and the moderate wounding of several people". Another airstrike hit a nearby girls school and damaged several civilian homes according to local media. UNICEF said the Saada hospital  was the 39th health center hit in Yemen since March. The Saudi-led coalition denies that its planes had hit the hospital. ](/news/2015/10/27/a-yemeni-hospital-in-saada-run-by-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-is-destroyed-by-several-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
6. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
7. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
8. [A helicopter from the Saudi-led coalition bombs a vehicle outside Aden International Airport, wounding at least three Yemeni soldiers. ](/news/2017/02/12/a-helicopter-from-the-saudi-led-coalition-bombs-a-vehicle-outside-aden-international-airport-wounding-at-least-three-yemeni-soldiers.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
9. [Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led air raids on the Yemeni capital Sana'a resume after a truce ends. ](/news/2016/10/23/saudi-arabian-led-air-raids-on-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-resume-after-a-truce-ends.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
