### [2016-01-10](/news/2016/01/10/index.md)

# Lawyers for former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter confirm that he will appeal his eight year ban from the organisation. 

Fallen FIFA chief Sepp Blatter will appeal against his eight-year ban, his lawyer said Sunday, joining fellow suspended official Michel Platini in a fight to clear his name. &quot;We will appeal it, of course,&quot; Blatter&#x27;s US-based attorney Richard Cullen confirmed to AFP in an email. The confirmation


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/blatter-appeal-fifa-ban-lawyer-194654260--sow.html;_ylt=AwrC0CY0tpJWZRsAtznQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
2. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
3. [Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. ](/news/2016/02/26/officials-of-fifa-meet-in-za1-4rich-for-the-2016-fifa-extraordinary-congress-to-select-a-new-president-of-fifa-to-replace-sepp-blatter-gianni.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
4. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
5. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
6. [Sepp Blatter announces that he will resign as President of FIFA as a result of the corruption scandals with an emergency congress to be called as soon as possible. ](/news/2015/06/2/sepp-blatter-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-president-of-fifa-as-a-result-of-the-corruption-scandals-with-an-emergency-congress-to-be-call.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
7. [Writing in the FIFA Weekly magazine, FIFA president Sepp Blatter calls Iran to end its "intolerable" ban on women attending soccer matches, describing the situation as one that "cannot continue." ](/news/2015/03/6/writing-in-the-fifa-weekly-magazine-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-calls-iran-to-end-its-intolerable-ban-on-women-attending-soccer-matches.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
8. [FIFA president Sepp Blatter writes to the Israel Football Association amid reports that several players from the Palestine national football team have been illegally detained in Israel. ](/news/2012/06/12/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-writes-to-the-israel-football-association-amid-reports-that-several-players-from-the-palestine-national-football.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
9. [A United Kingdom House of Commons inquiry into allegations of corruption associated with bids for the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup tournaments accuses FIFA of trying to dismiss the allegations and questions FIFA President Sepp Blatter's commitment to reform. ](/news/2011/07/5/a-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-inquiry-into-allegations-of-corruption-associated-with-bids-for-the-2018-and-2022-fifa-world-cup-tournamen.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
10. [Sepp Blatter is to be elected unopposed as the Head of FIFA at its 61st Congress despite an ongoing bribery scandal and calls by the English Football Association to delay the election. ](/news/2011/06/1/sepp-blatter-is-to-be-elected-unopposed-as-the-head-of-fifa-at-its-61st-congress-despite-an-ongoing-bribery-scandal-and-calls-by-the-english.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
