### [2016-04-23](/news/2016/04/23/index.md)

# 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Samoan authorities prepared for Severe Tropical Cyclone Amos which is forecast to make landfall later tonight. 




### Source:

1. [Weather Zone](http://www.weatherzone.com.au/news/tropical-cyclone-amos-intensifies-on-approach-to-samoa/494096)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: The Samoan Islands and Wallis and Futuna brace for the impact of Cyclone Amos as the Fiji Meteorological Service upgrades the cyclone to a category three storm, with sustained winds as high as 140 km/h at its centre. ](/news/2016/04/22/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-the-samoan-islands-and-wallis-and-futuna-brace-for-the-impact-of-cyclone-amos-as-the-fiji-meteorolog.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Severe Tropical Cyclone Amos_
2. [Samoa's Legislative Assembly appoints Tuimalealiifano Va'aletoa Sualauvi II as O le Ao o le Malo, or Head of State. He will succeed Tufuga Efi, the country's head of state since 2007, on July 25. ](/news/2017/07/5/samoa-s-legislative-assembly-appoints-tuimalealiifano-va-aletoa-sualauvi-ii-as-o-le-ao-o-le-malo-or-head-of-state-he-will-succeed-tufuga-e.md) _Context: Samoa_
3. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Zena, now a category 3 storm, heads for Fiji, where a tropical depression already dumped up to 12 inches of rain on the western and northern parts of Fiji's largest and most populous island, Viti Levu, triggering major flash flooding that's killed at least two people. The archipelago is still recovering from category 5 Cyclone Winston that killed 44 people in February. ](/news/2016/04/6/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-zena-now-a-category-3-storm-heads-for-fiji-where-a-tropical-depression-already-dumped-up.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
4. [Samoan general election, 2016: Voters in Samoa go to the polls for a general election. ](/news/2016/03/4/samoan-general-election-2016-voters-in-samoa-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election.md) _Context: Samoa_
5. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
6. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll in Fiji rises to 42 and is expected to rise further as relief teams reach remote islands. ](/news/2016/02/24/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-in-fiji-rises-to-42-and-is-expected-to-rise-further-as-relief-teams.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
7. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll from Cyclone Winston in Fiji rises to 29. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-winston-in-fiji-rises-to-29.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
8. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll in Fiji rises to at least 17 as authorities continue to assess the damage. All schools in the country are closed for the week. A nationwide curfew remains in effect. ](/news/2016/02/22/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-in-fiji-rises-to-at-least-17-as-authorities-continue-to-assess-the-d.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
9. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: At least five people are reported dead and entire villages have been flattened after Cyclone Winston hits Fiji. ](/news/2016/02/21/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-at-least-five-people-are-reported-dead-and-entire-villages-have-been-flattened-afte.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
10. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: Hundreds of evacuation centres are activated in Fiji as Cyclone Winston makes landfall in Fiji's outer islands and heads towards islands with higher population. ](/news/2016/02/20/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-hundreds-of-evacuation-centres-are-activated-in-fiji-as-cyclone-winston-makes-landf.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
