### [2016-04-23](/news/2016/04/23/index.md)

# German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. 

European Council President Donald Tusk has praised Turkey’s treatment of refugees, saying “it is the best example for the whole world.”


### Source:

1. [Hürriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/merkel-eu-officials-arrive-in-turkeys-gaziantep-to-discuss-migrant-crisis.aspx?pageID=238&nID=98236&NewsCatID=341)
2. [Journal of Turkish Weekly](http://www.turkishweekly.net/2016/04/23/news/no-migrant-readmission-agreement-without-visa-liberalization-turkish-pm/)
3. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/europe-migrants-turkey-germany-idINKCN0XK0JN)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Syria, Turkish_
2. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan  to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have  their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the-european-union-refuge.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, European migrant crisis, German Chancellor_
3. [Turkey agrees with leaders of the European Union to help stem the flow of migrants to Europe in return for cash and visas, and renewal of talks on joining the EU. A key element is 3 billion euros ($3.2 billion) in EU aid for the 2.2 million Syrians now in Turkey. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkey-agrees-with-leaders-of-the-european-union-to-help-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-to-europe-in-return-for-cash-and-visas-and-renewal-of-ta.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Turkish, refugees from Syria_
4. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
5. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Turkish_
6. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Turkish_
7. [The European Union and Turkey  agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migra.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Turkish_
8. [Today's European Union summit with Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium,  will discuss ways  to  stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways-to-stanch-the-flow-of.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, European Union, European migrant crisis_
9. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Turkish_
10. [New refugee camps go up near the Syria-Turkey border after Turkey blocks thousands of refugees from entering the country. ](/news/2016/02/8/new-refugee-camps-go-up-near-the-syriaaturkey-border-after-turkey-blocks-thousands-of-refugees-from-entering-the-country.md) _Context: Turkish, refugee camp, refugees from Syria_
