### [2016-04-23](/news/2016/04/23/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War. Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. 

At least 12 people were killed on Saturday in two separate car bomb attacks in Baghdad targeting security forces, police sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-iraq-blast-idUSKCN0XK0M6)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War. Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing. A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi civil war. Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War. Twin bombings in a pair of crowded commercial areas in Baghdad kill at least 125 people. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/3/iraqi-civil-war-twin-bombings-in-a-pair-of-crowded-commercial-areas-in-baghdad-kill-at-least-125-people-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]](/news/2016/07/24/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-sold.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [ Iraqi Civil War. Two car bombs kill at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in Samawa, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/05/1/iraqi-civil-war-two-car-bombs-kill-at-least-32-people-and-wounded-75-others-in-samawa-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ram.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iskandariya suicide bombing. At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iskandariya-suicide-bombing-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Syrian Civil War. The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/iraqi-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
