### [2016-04-23](/news/2016/04/23/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif bows to opposition demands that he ask Pakistan's chief justice to set up an independent commission to investigate offshore accounts linked to his family. Sharif said he would accept the commission's findings and even resign if called upon. 

Ministers agree to propose joint list of tax havens and approve plan to automatically exchange data on shell company owners


### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/pakistani-premier-sharif-says-will-resign-if-independent-commission-inquiry-finds-wrongdoing/27692007.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/23/tax-avoidance-eu-finance-ministers-approve-measures-netherlands)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/40a2ae779d2450ed44f1c322ba1aa8d7d695f4ba/0_482_4962_2977/4962.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=0506fcd3c9c2c47c01bc5273506d1ed3)

### Related:

1. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif cancels the Pakistan Muslim League's proposed demonstration, following the impending reinstatement of Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry as Chief Justice. ](/news/2009/03/16/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-cancels-the-pakistan-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-following-the-impending-reinstate.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan's chief justice, Prime Minister_
2. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif goes home after his disqualification by the Supreme Court in the Panama Papers case. ](/news/2017/08/9/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-goes-home-after-his-disqualification-by-the-supreme-court-in-the-panama-papers-case.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-office-following-a-verdic.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
5. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
6. [Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-capital-islamabad-against.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
7. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
8. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-tw.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
9. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
10. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister_
