### [2016-04-23](/news/2016/04/23/index.md)

# Solar-powered aircraft Solar Impulse 2 lands in Mountain View, California after a 62-hour flight across the Pacific Ocean from Hawaii. 

The aircraft performed a fly-by over the Golden Gate Bridge in the late afternoon following 56 hours of flight that began Thursday morning in Hawaii.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-36122618)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/innovation/solar-impulse-2-s-pacific-crossing-going-smoothly-it-nears-n560946)

### Related:

1. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, takes off from Kalaeloa, Hawaii, USA, on the ninth leg of its around-the-world journey. This portion of the trip will cover 2,542 nautical miles and, in about three days, is scheduled to touch down in Mountain View, California. The journey originated in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on March 9, 2015, and, after another 8,130 nmi, will complete the circle when it lands in Abu Dhabi. ](/news/2016/04/21/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-takes-off-from-kalaeloa-hawaii-usa-on-the-ninth-leg-of-its-around-the-world-journey-th.md) _Context: Mountain View, California, Solar Impulse 2_
2. [US Navy losses in World War II: The wreckage of the Indianapolis|CA-35|6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/us-navy-losses-in-world-war-ii-the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-ca-35-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean_
3. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Hawaii_
4. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780: A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: Hawaii_
5. [Earthquakes in 2017: A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean_
6. [Marco Polo condo fire: At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/marco-polo-condo-fire-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-i.md) _Context: Hawaii_
7. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-an.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [A 5.7 magnitude earthquake strikes 250 kilometers (155 miles) northwest of the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu. No immediate report of damages or injuries; no tsunami warning has been issued. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-5-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-250-kilometers-155-miles-northwest-of-the-pacific-island-nation-of-vanuatu-no-immediate-report-of-dama.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean_
9. [United States immigration ban: A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/united-states-immigration-ban-a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the.md) _Context: Hawaii_
10. [United States immigration ban: The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Hawaii_
