### [2016-04-23](/news/2016/04/23/index.md)

# United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. 

&#8203;Federal law enforcement investigators are searching in at least three states for more than 500 pounds of explosives stolen from a CSX train


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/more-than-500-pounds-of-explosives-stolen-from-train/)
2. [Detroit Free Press](http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/detroit/2016/04/22/train-arrives-detroit-missing-32-cases-explosives/83413864/)
2. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2016/04/22/d378c750-ee6f-4053-96ee-42890d37616b/csx-train.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Illinois, Michigan, Ohio_
2. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
3. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Michigan, Ohio_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Illinois, Ohio_
6. [The United States Department of Justice will investigate the Chicago, Illinois police department. Long concerned with Chicago police department practices, the investigation is precipitated by the recent release of a video of the shooting death of Laquan McDonald. The Chicago police are set to release another video showing the police killing of Ronald Johnson in October of 2014. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-department-of-justice-will-investigate-the-chicago-illinois-police-department-long-concerned-with-chicago-police-departm.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
7. [Chicago, Illinois police officer, Jason Van Dyke, enters a not guilty plea regarding the charges of the 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/29/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-enters-a-not-guilty-plea-regarding-the-charges-of-the-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdona.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
8. [Chicago, Illinois Mayor Rahm Emanuel asked for and received the resignation of that city's police superintendant Garry McCarthy. Emanuel spoke of the loss of the public's confidence in the city police and announced a task force on police accountability. The change comes in the wake of protests over the release of police footage showing the October 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald. ](/news/2015/12/1/chicago-illinois-mayor-rahm-emanuel-asked-for-and-received-the-resignation-of-that-cityas-police-superintendant-garry-mccarthy-emanuel-s.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
9. [Chicago, Illinois police officer Jason Van Dyke is charged with first-degree murder for the October 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old boy armed with a 3-inch knife. The charge comes shortly before the release of the police video showing the shooting. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel meets with community leaders to discuss the video's release and the potential ramifications for the city. ](/news/2015/11/24/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-is-charged-with-first-degree-murder-for-the-october-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdonald.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
10. [Leaders of nine national law enforcement groups, at the annual International Association of Chiefs of Police conference in Chicago, Illinois, call on federal lawmakers to strengthen background checks on gun purchases. ](/news/2015/10/26/leaders-of-nine-national-law-enforcement-groups-at-the-annual-international-association-of-chiefs-of-police-conference-in-chicago-illinois.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois_
