### [2008-04-12](/news/2008/04/12/index.md)

#  A call to boycott French hypermart Carrefour from 1 May began spreading through mobile text messaging and online chat rooms amongst the Chinese over the weekend from 12 April, accusing the company's major shareholder, the LVMH Group, of donating funds to the Dalai Lama. There were also calls to extend the boycott to include French luxury goods and cosmetic products. According to the ''Washington Times'' on April 15, however, the Chinese government was attempting to "calm the situation" through censorship: "All comments posted on popular Internet forum Sohu.com relating to a boycott of Carrefour have been deleted."




### Related:

1. [In an interview with the German broadsheet ''Frankfurter Allgemeine'', the Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama says that Germany has taken too many refugees and "from a moral standpoint" refugees should "only be accommodated temporarily" -- with the goal of them returning home to rebuild their countries. ](/news/2016/05/31/in-an-interview-with-the-german-broadsheet-frankfurter-allgemeine-the-tibetan-spiritual-leader-dalai-lama-says-that-germany-has-taken-t.md) _Context: Dalai Lama_
2. [A bomb explodes outside French supermarket Carrefour in Alexandria, Egypt, killing one person and wounding six. ](/news/2015/03/8/a-bomb-explodes-outside-french-supermarket-carrefour-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-one-person-and-wounding-six.md) _Context: Carrefour_
3. [Nepalese authorities ban exiled Tibetans from celebrating the Dalai Lama's birthday for fears that the gatherings will turn anti-Chinese. ](/news/2011/07/6/nepalese-authorities-ban-exiled-tibetans-from-celebrating-the-dalai-lama-s-birthday-for-fears-that-the-gatherings-will-turn-anti-chinese.md) _Context: Dalai Lama_
4. [The President of the United States is set to meet with the Dalai Lama in Washington DC despite a warning from the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-is-set-to-meet-with-the-dalai-lama-in-washington-dc-despite-a-warning-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Dalai Lama_
5. [The Dalai Lama formally relinquishes his political and administrative powers, following the exiled Tibetan parliament's amendment to its charter to relieve him of his political role; the Dalai Lama remains Tibetan Buddhists' spiritual figurehead. ](/news/2011/05/31/the-dalai-lama-formally-relinquishes-his-political-and-administrative-powers-following-the-exiled-tibetan-parliament-s-amendment-to-its-cha.md) _Context: Dalai Lama_
6. [The ''New York Times'' reports that French luxury group LVMH will take control of Italy's Bulgari in an all-share deal. ](/news/2011/03/7/the-new-york-times-reports-that-french-luxury-group-lvmh-will-take-control-of-italy-s-bulgari-in-an-all-share-deal.md) _Context: LVMH_
7. [A French market regulator approves a takeover defense adopted by the Hermes family, who own the manufacturer of Birkin and Kelly handbags. This improves the odds that Hermes will preserve its independence in the face of a bid by LVMH. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-market-regulator-approves-a-takeover-defense-adopted-by-the-herma-s-family-who-own-the-manufacturer-of-birkin-and-kelly-handbags.md) _Context: LVMH_
8. [Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, says that cultural genocide is taking place in Tibet, particularly in light of the Chinese authority's requirement of Mandarin as the language of instruction in schools in Tibet. ](/news/2010/11/19/tibetan-spiritual-leader-the-dalai-lama-says-that-cultural-genocide-is-taking-place-in-tibet-particularly-in-light-of-the-chinese-authori.md) _Context: Dalai Lama_
9. [Shanghai International Film Festival:Chinese video-sharing websites, like LeTV Entertainment, Sohu.com, and Voole.com, reveals more film investment in SH.](/news/2010/06/16/shanghai-international-film-festival-pchinese-video-sharing-websites-like-letv-entertainment-sohu-com-and-voole-com-reveals-more-film-in.md) _Context: Sohu_
10. [Tibet Governor Padma Choling announces to the National People's Congress that China will decide Tenzin Gyatso's reincarnation as Dalai Lama. ](/news/2010/03/8/tibet-governor-padma-choling-announces-to-the-national-people-s-congress-that-china-will-decide-tenzin-gyatso-s-reincarnation-as-dalai-lama.md) _Context: Dalai Lama_
