### [2011-06-10](/news/2011/06/10/index.md)

# Iran has reportedly been caught on 10 separate occasions trying to send arms to terrorist groups, including Hamas and the Taliban. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/IranianThreat/News/Article.aspx?id=224399)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli government outlaws the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel, declaring it "an illegal organization". The northern branch of the Islamic Movement is led by Raed Salah, who has been convicted in court of numerous activities, including funding Hamas, contacting an Iranian agent, assaulting a police officer, and leading a violent protest. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-israeli-government-outlaws-the-northern-branch-of-the-islamic-movement-in-israel-declaring-it-an-illegal-organization-the-northern-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran_
2. [Nigeria intercepts a weapons shipment including artillery rockets, originating in Iran, after Israeli officials accused Iran of trying to smuggle the weapons into the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/10/31/nigeria-intercepts-a-weapons-shipment-including-artillery-rockets-originating-in-iran-after-israeli-officials-accused-iran-of-trying-to-sm.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran_
3. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, describes the Gaza Strip as a "prison camp" during a visit to Turkey. Israel's ambassador to the UK, Ron Prosor, describes the people of the Gaza strip as "prisoners of the terrorist organization Hamas". ](/news/2010/07/27/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-describes-the-gaza-strip-as-a-prison-camp-during-a-visit-to-turkey-israel-s-amba.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorist_
4. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were "hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians"; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-ahijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iraniansa-possibly-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran_
5. [ An Israeli psychiatrist and reserve officer is charged with giving classified information to Iran, Russia and Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/23/an-israeli-psychiatrist-and-reserve-officer-is-charged-with-giving-classified-information-to-iran-russia-and-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran_
6. [ The "Washington Post" reports that the NATO-led Coalition Force in Afghanistan intercepted a shipment of Iranian arms intended for the Taliban. ](/news/2007/09/15/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-nato-led-coalition-force-in-afghanistan-intercepted-a-shipment-of-iranian-arms-intended-for-the-tali.md) _Context: Iran, Taliban_
7. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes Israel in a three-day conference attended by Palestinian Hamas officials. He calls the Israeli regime "a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm." ](/news/2006/04/14/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-criticizes-israel-in-a-three-day-conference-attended-by-palestinian-hamas-officials-he-calls-the-isr.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran_
8. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran_
9. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Hamas_
10. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran_
