### [2016-04-19](/news/2016/04/19/index.md)

# An American federal appeals court in Richmond, Virginia, rules a transgender high school student who was banned from the boys' bathroom can proceed with the lawsuit against the school board. 

In a case that may have national implications, the Richmond-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday in favor of a transgender student fighting to use the boys bathroom


### Source:

1. [Richmond Times-Dispatch](http://www.richmond.com/news/virginia/article_7ec45a28-5b5f-585f-a200-b7aba2cdd940.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/04/19/u-s-civil-rights-commission-says-north-carolinas-bathroom-law-jeopardizes-the-physical-safety-of-transgender-people/)

### Related:

1. [ Michael Vick, former National Football League star, arrived in US Federal Circuit Court in Richmond, Virginia and pleads guilty to federal dogfighting charges and then issues a public apology at the Omni Richmond Hotel. Sentencing by U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson will be in December 2007. ](/news/2007/08/27/michael-vick-former-national-football-league-star-arrived-in-us-federal-circuit-court-in-richmond-virginia-and-pleads-guilty-to-federal.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia, United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
2. [ A three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Richmond, Virginia rules that the United States government cannot indefinitely detain U.S. residents as "enemy combatants." ](/news/2007/06/11/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-in-richmond-virginia-rules-that-the-united-states-governm.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia, United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
4. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
6. [The Trump administration revokes Obama-era orders on protection of gender identity under Title IX. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-trump-administration-revokes-obama-era-orders-on-protection-of-gender-identity-under-title-ix.md) _Context: Transgender rights in the United States_
7. [Sahaj International opens in Kochi in the South Indian state of Kerala. The country's first school for transgender pupils, it caters for adults who left school early. ](/news/2016/12/30/sahaj-international-opens-in-kochi-in-the-south-indian-state-of-kerala-the-country-s-first-school-for-transgender-pupils-it-caters-for-adu.md) _Context: transgender_
8. [The United States Supreme Court grants  a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the  Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
9. [ The U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules (12-3) a warrant is not required for police to obtain a person's cellphone location data from wireless carriers. ](/news/2016/05/31/the-u-s-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-12-3-a-warrant-is-not-required-for-police-to-obtain-a-person-s-cellphone-location-data-fro.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
10. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as  Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: transgender_
