### [2016-04-19](/news/2016/04/19/index.md)

# In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. 

The Indian government tells the Supreme Court that the country should not try to reclaim the priceless Koh-i-Noor diamond from Britain.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-36079644)

### Related:

1. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: India, UK_
2. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
3. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: India, UK_
4. [In a landmark ruling, the Supreme Court of India recognizes transgender as a "third gender". ](/news/2014/04/15/in-a-landmark-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-india-recognizes-transgender-as-a-third-gender.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
5. [A Dutch tourist, Richard de Wit, allegedly confesses to killing Sarah Groves, a British fitness instructor from Guernsey, who was found dead with multiple stab wounds on a houseboat in Jammu and Kashmir, India. ](/news/2013/04/8/a-dutch-tourist-richard-de-wit-allegedly-confesses-to-killing-sarah-groves-a-british-fitness-instructor-from-guernsey-who-was-found-dead.md) _Context: India, UK_
6. [A 24-year-old British tourist is found dead in a houseboat in Jammu and Kashmir, India. ](/news/2013/04/6/a-24-year-old-british-tourist-is-found-dead-in-a-houseboat-in-jammu-and-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, UK_
7. [India's Supreme Court clears the way for the execution of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, a Sikh militant, rejecting his appeal for his sentence to be commuted to life imprisonment. ](/news/2013/04/12/india-s-supreme-court-clears-the-way-for-the-execution-of-devinder-pal-singh-bhullar-a-sikh-militant-rejecting-his-appeal-for-his-sentence.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
8. [India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec (Imatinib), amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to cheap generic versions of drugs in poorer countries. ](/news/2013/04/1/india-s-supreme-court-rejects-a-plea-by-novartis-to-patent-an-updated-version-of-its-cancer-drug-glivec-imatinib-amid-concerns-that-a-pa.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
9. [India's Supreme Court sentences actor and politician Sanjay Dutt to 5 years in prison over illegal arms possession, related to the 1993 Mumbai bombings. The death sentence of Yakub Memon, convicted mastermind of the bombings, has been upheld. ](/news/2013/03/21/india-s-supreme-court-sentences-actor-and-politician-sanjay-dutt-to-5-years-in-prison-over-illegal-arms-possession-related-to-the-1993-mumb.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
10. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, visits the Indian city of Amritsar to express remorse for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre on 13 April 1919. ](/news/2013/02/20/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-visits-the-indian-city-of-amritsar-to-express-remorse-for-the-jallianwala-bagh-mass.md) _Context: India, UK_
