### [2016-04-19](/news/2016/04/19/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. 

Iraqi officials say police have unearthed two mass graves in the western city of Ramadi, with bodies of about 40 people killed by Islamic State militants.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/04/19/iraqi-police-find-2-mass-graves-in-islamic-state-free-ramadi.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-sold.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [ Iraqi Civil War: Two car bombs kill at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in Samawa, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/05/1/iraqi-civil-war-two-car-bombs-kill-at-least-32-people-and-wounded-75-others-in-samawa-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/iraqi-civil-war-two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Syrian Civil War: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/iraqi-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-sto.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
7. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Close to 55,000 people have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi since it was captured by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/05/25/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-close-to-55-000-people-have-fled-the-iraqi-city-of-ramadi-since-it-was-captured-by-islamic-state.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
8. [The Islamic State reportedly seizes control of the Iraqi city of Ramadi after the retreat of government forces. ](/news/2015/05/17/the-islamic-state-reportedly-seizes-control-of-the-iraqi-city-of-ramadi-after-the-retreat-of-government-forces.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
9. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Fierce clashes in Iraq's Anbar province as Islamic State captures three villages near the provincial capital Ramadi. ](/news/2015/04/15/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-fierce-clashes-in-iraq-s-anbar-province-as-islamic-state-captures-three-villages-near-the-provincial-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
10. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
