### [2016-04-19](/news/2016/04/19/index.md)

# Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. 

UPDATED: Deputy Prime Minister and Green Party co-leader Åsa Romson has told The Local she refuses to let terror set the agenda, after appearing to refer to the 9/11 attacks as accidents.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3547291/Sweden-s-deputy-PM-sparks-outcry-describing-9-11-Twin-Towers-attack-September-11-accidents.html)
2. [The Local](http://www.thelocal.se/20160419/swedens-deputy-pm-defends-911-accident-gaffe)

### Related:

1. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
2. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
3. [The family of Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, who saved tens of thousands of Jews from the Holocaust only to languish in a Russian prison, have asked authorities to officially declare him dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-family-of-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-who-saved-tens-of-thousands-of-jews-from-the-holocaust-only-to-languish-in-a-russian-prison.md) _Context: Holocaust, Sweden_
4. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits the World Trade Center site in New York City to commemorate the victims of the September 11 attacks following the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/05/5/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york-city-to-commemorate-the-victims-of-the-september.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
6. [Reactions to the death of Osama bin Laden:Thousands of people gather at Ground Zero of the September 11 attacks in New York to celebrate the news that Osama bin Laden has been killed. ](/news/2011/05/2/reactions-to-the-death-of-osama-bin-laden-pthousands-of-people-gather-at-ground-zero-of-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-to-celebrate-th.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
7. [The United States approves more than $4 billion assistance for rescuers and residents whose health was affected after the September 11 attacks in New York City in 2001. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-approves-more-than-4-billion-assistance-for-rescuers-and-residents-whose-health-was-affected-after-the-september-11-attac.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
8. [Israel expels Riksdag member Mehmet Kaplan, a veteran of the Gaza flotilla raid, moments after his arrival, claiming he had "failed to follow procedure". Ex-Israeli artist Dror Feiler, who is also currently based in Sweden, is expelled with him. ](/news/2010/11/7/israel-expels-riksdag-member-mehmet-kaplan-a-veteran-of-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-moments-after-his-arrival-claiming-he-had-failed-to-follo.md) _Context: Mehmet Kaplan, Sweden_
9. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
10. [ The New York Stock Exchange reopens following the terrorist attacks in New York.](/news/2001/09/17/the-new-york-stock-exchange-reopens-following-the-terrorist-attacks-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
