### [2016-04-19](/news/2016/04/19/index.md)

# Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. 

New York election results from the 2016 general election.


### Source:

1. [AP via OregonLive](http://www.oregonlive.com/today/index.ssf/2016/04/new_york_primary_live_updates_1.html)
2. [Five Thirty Eight](http://fivethirtyeight.com/live-blog/new-york-primary-presidential-election-2016/)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/new-york)
4. [Reuters via ''The Star](http://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2016/04/19/its-up-to-you-new-york--state-takes-centre-stage-in-election-campaign/)
5. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/strong-showing-by-clinton-in-defeat-of-sanders-in-new-york-primary/2016/04/19/0c0c5c72-0621-11e6-b283-e79d81c63c1b_story.html)

### Related:

1. [United States elections, 2016 Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-pvoters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, United States presidential election, 2016, presidential primaries_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016, Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic  and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-state-of-west-virginia-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Donald Trump, United States presidential election, 2016, presidential primaries_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, United States presidential election, 2016, presidential primaries_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-head-to-the-polls-for-republican-and-democrat.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, United States presidential election, 2016, presidential primaries_
6. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, United States presidential election, 2016, presidential primaries_
8. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold the second presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. presidential election at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, in a "town meeting" format. ](/news/2016/10/9/hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-hold-the-second-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-at-washington-university-in-st.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
