### [2016-04-19](/news/2016/04/19/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan. April 2016 Kabul attack. A large explosion is reported in the Afghan capital Kabul a week after the Taliban declared the start of their annual spring offensive. The target was an Afghan government security compound with at least 28 people reported killed and more than 200 others injured. 

A loud explosion rocked central Kabul early on Tuesday during rush hour, and a thick plume of black smoke could be seen rising from the vicinity of the sprawling US embassy in the Afghan capital, witnesses told Reuters. No casualties were reported.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/the-latest-taliban-launches-attack-on-afghan-govt-agency/2016/04/19/5cac171a-0605-11e6-bfed-ef65dff5970d_story.html)
2. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/04/19/latest-taliban-launches-attack-on-afghan-govt-agency.html)
3. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/south-asia/Heavy-explosion-rocks-Kabul/articleshow/51889024.cms)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). April 2016 Kabul attack. The death toll from yesterday's Taliban attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul rises to 64, with 347 others wounded, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2016-kabul-attack-the-death-toll-from-yesterday-s-taliban-attack-on-the-national-directorate-of.md) _Context: April 2016 Kabul attack, Kabul, Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan. A Taliban suicide bomb attack on a Turkish government vehicle in Kabul kills at least one person. ](/news/2015/02/26/war-in-afghanistan-a-taliban-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-turkish-government-vehicle-in-kabul-kills-at-least-one-person.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan. According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan. A suicide car bombing in the western part of Kabul kills at least 24 and injures more than 40 people. Afghan authorities say the target of the attack was a bus of civilian government workers from the Ministry of Mines and Petroleum. ](/news/2017/07/24/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-car-bombing-in-the-western-part-of-kabul-kills-at-least-24-and-injures-more-than-40-people-afghan-authorities.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan. June 2017 Kabul attack. According to the Interior Ministry, three blasts at a funeral attended by MPs and government figures in Kabul kill at least seven people and wound 119 more. ](/news/2017/06/3/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-attack-according-to-the-interior-ministry-three-blasts-at-a-funeral-attended-by-mps-and-government-fig.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
6. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Lashkargah bombing. A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
7. [War in Afghanistan. At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-norther.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
8. [War in Afghanistan. June 2017 Kabul mosque attack. A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
9. [War in Afghanistan. After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
10. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Camp Shaheen attack. Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
