### [2017-02-28](/news/2017/02/28/index.md)

# 2016-17 Turkish purges: About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. 

Charges for those allegedly involved in failed July military coup range from murder to trying to overthrow government.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/02/largest-post-coup-bid-trial-opens-330-suspects-170228140029142.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2016-17 Turkish purges: The Turkish government dismisses more than 4,400 public servants from their jobs in the latest purge within the country following a failed coup attempt last year. ](/news/2017/02/8/2016-17-turkish-purges-the-turkish-government-dismisses-more-than-4-400-public-servants-from-their-jobs-in-the-latest-purge-within-the-c.md) _Context: 2016-17 Turkish purges, last year's coup attempt_
2. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara.md) _Context: Ankara, last year's coup attempt_
3. [2016-17 Turkish purges: The Turkish interior ministry announces that 130 people, living outside the country and suspected of militant links, will lose their citizenship unless they return to Turkey within three months and meet government standards. Named suspects include U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and Peoples' Democratic Party leaders Faysal Sariyildiz, Tugba Hezer, and Ozdal Ucer. ](/news/2017/06/5/2016-17-turkish-purges-the-turkish-interior-ministry-announces-that-130-people-living-outside-the-country-and-suspected-of-militant-link.md) _Context: 2016-17 Turkish purges_
4. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident: Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Ankara_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present) / 2016-17 Turkish purges: Turkish police arrest over 800 people with alleged links to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). ](/news/2017/02/14/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-2016-17-turkish-purges-turkish-police-arrest-over-800-people-with-alleged-links-to-the-outl.md) _Context: 2016-17 Turkish purges_
6. [The Supreme Court of Greece rejects the extradition of eight soldiers accused by Turkey of involvement in the 2016 Turkish "coup d'etat" attempt. ](/news/2017/01/26/the-supreme-court-of-greece-rejects-the-extradition-of-eight-soldiers-accused-by-turkey-of-involvement-in-the-2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-at.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
7. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambass.md) _Context: Ankara_
8. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Ankara_
9. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
10. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: 2016 Turkish purges: Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square in a show of support for the new powers that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has received in order to crackdown on dissent following the attempted coup. ](/news/2016/07/22/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-2016-turkish-purges-thousands-gather-in-istanbul-s-taksim-square-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-new-powers.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
