### [2017-02-28](/news/2017/02/28/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-budget-idUSKBN1661R2)

### Related:

1. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-ele.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [Russia-United States relations. A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-internationa.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
9. [American-led intervention in Syria. Battle of Raqqa (2017). The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-led-intervention-in-syria-battle-of-raqqa-2017-the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
10. [Taiwan-United States relations. The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/taiwan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
