### [2017-02-28](/news/2017/02/28/index.md)

# The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-budget-idUSKBN1661R2)

### Related:

1. [The Trump Administration announces it is ending the DACA program that has halted the deportation of those who, at the time, illegally entered the U.S. before their 16th birthday and before June 2007. Congress is called upon to pass legislation to correct the situation. The Department of Homeland Security says it will no longer accept new applications but those enrolled in DACA will be able to continue working until their permits expire. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-trump-administration-announces-it-is-ending-the-daca-program-that-has-halted-the-deportation-of-those-who-at-the-time-illegally-entere.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
2. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
3. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
4. [President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month-coming-a-day-after-two-othe.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
6. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
7. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
8. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
9. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: The Trump Administration_
10. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
