### [2008-01-21](/news/2008/01/21/index.md)

#  An Israeli TecSAR spy satellite is launched aboard an Indian Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle. 




### Source:

1. [PhysOrg.com](http://www.physorg.com/news120109193.html)

### Related:

1. [India has launched its Resourcesat-2A imaging satellite via its Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) rocket. ](/news/2016/12/7/india-has-launched-its-resourcesat-2a-imaging-satellite-via-its-polar-satellite-launch-vehicle-pslv-rocket.md) _Context: India, PSLV-C38_
2. [The ISRO of India launches a PSLV-XL rocket carrying the Mars Orbiter Mission probe, which will eventually be sent to Mars. ](/news/2013/11/5/the-isro-of-india-launches-a-pslv-xl-rocket-carrying-the-mars-orbiter-mission-probe-which-will-eventually-be-sent-to-mars.md) _Context: India, PSLV-C38_
3. [Indian Space Research Organisation successfully launches Indo-French satellite SARAL using PSLV rocket from the spaceport in Sriharikota, Andhra Pradesh, India. ](/news/2013/02/25/indian-space-research-organisation-successfully-launches-indo-french-satellite-saral-using-pslv-rocket-from-the-spaceport-in-sriharikota-an.md) _Context: India, PSLV-C38_
4. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: India, Israel_
5. [ India's Space Research Organization launches its RISAT-2 reconnaissance satellite. ](/news/2009/04/20/india-s-space-research-organization-launches-its-risat-2-reconnaissance-satellite.md) _Context: India, spy satellite_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
