### [2016-09-26](/news/2016/09/26/index.md)

# A gunman opens fire at a Houston shopping center and injures nine people. Responding police kill the shooter afterwards. 

A man dressed in a vintage military uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol and toting a Tommy Gun and a hand gun unleashed a flurry of bullets near a Houston shopping center on Monday morning, injuring nine people before he was shot dead by police.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/09/26/as-many-as-7-may-be-wounded-in-houston-shooting-report-says.html)

### Related:

1. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston_
2. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham,  west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston_
3. [In the U.S. men's national college basketball tournament semifinals in Houston's NRG Stadium, the Villanova Wildcats thrash the Oklahoma Sooners 95-51, the most lopsided result in men's Final Four history; and in a battle between Atlantic Coast Conference members, the North Carolina Tar Heels defeat the Syracuse Orange 83-66. The title game on April 4 pits the Wildcats, 1985 champions, and the five-time champion Tar Heels. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-u-s-men-s-national-college-basketball-tournament-semifinals-in-houston-s-nrg-stadium-the-villanova-wildcats-thrash-the-oklahoma-soo.md) _Context: Houston_
4. [Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out  businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election.  Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote.  King conceded defeat and encouraged  Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election.  ](/news/2015/12/13/veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston-s-runoff-mayoral-election-tur.md) _Context: Houston_
5. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Houston_
6. [Six construction workers, injured when scaffolding at an unfinished building collapsed in Houston, Texas (US), are rushed to area hospitals with  non-life threatening injuries. Firefighters continue to sift through the debris for other potential victims. ](/news/2015/10/16/six-construction-workers-injured-when-scaffolding-at-an-unfinished-building-collapsed-in-houston-texas-us-are-rushed-to-area-hospitals.md) _Context: Houston_
7. [Two students die and three others are injured after a school bus is struck by another vehicle and swerves off an Interstate 610 overpass in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2015/09/15/two-students-die-and-three-others-are-injured-after-a-school-bus-is-struck-by-another-vehicle-and-swerves-off-an-interstate-610-overpass-in.md) _Context: Houston_
8. [A sixth person is found to have died in this week's floods in Harris County, Texas, which contains the city of Houston. ](/news/2015/05/27/a-sixth-person-is-found-to-have-died-in-this-week-s-floods-in-harris-county-texas-which-contains-the-city-of-houston.md) _Context: Houston_
9. [Flash flood warnings are now in place in eight states with flood waters causing closures of roads, rail services and buses in Houston. ](/news/2015/05/26/flash-flood-warnings-are-now-in-place-in-eight-states-with-flood-waters-causing-closures-of-roads-rail-services-and-buses-in-houston.md) _Context: Houston_
10. [2014 Harris County, Texas shooting: A gunman in Spring, Texas, a suburb of the US city of Houston, kills six people including four children. ](/news/2014/07/9/2014-harris-county-texas-shooting-a-gunman-in-spring-texas-a-suburb-of-the-us-city-of-houston-kills-six-people-including-four-children.md) _Context: Houston_
