### [2016-09-26](/news/2016/09/26/index.md)

# Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-colombia-peace-idUSKCN11W0BR)

### Related:

1. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono's, rebel leader_
2. [The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal-agreement-with-the.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono's, rebel leader_
3. [The Eastern Bloc of the FARC-EP, a unit of the FARC rebel group, announces its rejection of the recent ceasefire signed by its leader Timoleon Jimenez and the Colombian government of President Juan Manuel Santos, declaring it will not lay down its arms and demobilize and will continue to fight the government. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-eastern-bloc-of-the-farc-ep-a-unit-of-the-farc-rebel-group-announces-its-rejection-of-the-recent-ceasefire-signed-by-its-leader-timole.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono's, rebel leader_
4. [Pope Francis, responding to rebel leader Rodrigo Londono's open letter asking for forgiveness for the suffering the group had inflicted on the country during his talk in Villavicencio, urges Colombians skeptical of the peace deal to be open to reconciliation. ](/news/2017/09/8/pope-francis-responding-to-rebel-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-s-open-letter-asking-for-forgiveness-for-the-suffering-the-group-had-inflicted-on.md) _Context: Rodrigo Londono's, peace deal, rebel leader_
5. [As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc-rebels-the-amnesty.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, peace deal, rebel leader_
6. [The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-colombian-conflict.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, peace deal, rebel leader_
7. [The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombia, peace deal, rebel leader_
8. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, rebel leader_
10. [Referendum voters in Colombia narrowly fail to ratify a peace deal between the Government of Colombia and FARC. ](/news/2016/10/2/referendum-voters-in-colombia-narrowly-fail-to-ratify-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-of-colombia-and-farc.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, rebel leader_
