### [2016-09-26](/news/2016/09/26/index.md)

# Iran releases Canadian-Iranian sociocultural anthropologist Homa Hoodfar, who had been held since June, as the countries begin talks on restoration of diplomatic ties. 

Iran said on Monday it had freed a Canadian-Iranian academic detained since June, releasing her just a week after the two countries began talks on a potential restoration of diplomatic relations broken in 2012.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-iran-canada-arrests-idUSKCN11W1L1)

### Related:

1. [Canada-Iran relations:Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canadaairan-relations-pcanada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Canada, Canada-Iran relations, Iran_
2. [The Canadian government warns Iran not to use its embassy in Ottawa to recruit expatriates in Canada to serve the Islamic Republic's interests. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-canadian-government-warns-iran-not-to-use-its-embassy-in-ottawa-to-recruit-expatriates-in-canada-to-serve-the-islamic-republicas-inter.md) _Context: Canada-Iran relations, Iran_
3. [The United States, United Kingdom, and Canada impose further sanctions against Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-canada-impose-further-sanctions-against-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Canada, Iran_
4. [After Iran's selection to the Commission on the Status of Women, a United Nations panel on women's rights, Canada cites "serious concerns" about Iran's participation in the panel and Iran's human-rights record.  ](/news/2010/05/2/after-iranas-selection-to-the-commission-on-the-status-of-women-a-united-nations-panel-on-womenas-rights-canada-cites-aserious-conce.md) _Context: Canada, Iran_
5. [ Representatives of the government of Canada withdraw from a business conference with Iran in protest of the case of deceased journalist Zahra Kazemi. Kazemi died in Iranian police custody and Iranian refugee doctor Shahram Azam says that she had extensive injuries and had been tortured. Iranian officials deny the charges. Canada has unsuccessfully demanded return of Kazemi's body. ](/news/2005/04/7/representatives-of-the-government-of-canada-withdraw-from-a-business-conference-with-iran-in-protest-of-the-case-of-deceased-journalist-zah.md) _Context: Canada, Iran_
6. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
