### [2017-03-14](/news/2017/03/14/index.md)

# A blaze at a fireworks warehouse near Netanya, central Israel, kills two people and injures five others. 

Two people were killed and five injured in a blaze at a fireworks warehouse in central Israel on Tuesday, police said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-fireworks-blaze-idUSKBN16L1Q6)

### Related:

1. [ Four people are killed in a helicopter crash off the coast of Netanya in northern Israel. ](/news/2009/11/24/four-people-are-killed-in-a-helicopter-crash-off-the-coast-of-netanya-in-northern-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Netanya_
2. [ Five people are killed, and about 80 injured, when an Israeli train travelling between Tel Aviv and Haifa collides with a truck on a level crossing near Netanya. The first anniversary of a similar accident on Israel Railways near Revadim on the Beersheba line is in nine days' time. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-06-12T100031Z_01_L12341304_RTRUKOC_0_UK-ISRAEL-TRAIN.xml (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/06/12/israel.train/ (CNN)], [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3261796,00.html (Ynetnews)], (Wikinews)](/news/2006/06/12/five-people-are-killed-and-about-80-injured-when-an-israeli-train-travelling-between-tel-aviv-and-haifa-collides-with-a-truck-on-a-level.md) _Context: Israel, Netanya_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomb attack kills at least five people in Netanya, north-western Israel. The attack follows confirmation from Shaul Mofaz that Israel will resume its policy of "targeted killings". ](/news/2005/12/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomb-attack-kills-at-least-five-people-in-netanya-north-western-israel-the-attack-follows-confirm.md) _Context: Israel, Netanya_
4. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis. A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Netanya_
5. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel_
