### [2017-03-14](/news/2017/03/14/index.md)

# Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the "Aris 13", a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. 

Pirates have hijacked an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia, Somali officials and piracy experts have said, the first such seizure of a large commercial vessel on the crucial global trade route since 2012. The Aris 13 reported being approached by two skiffs on Monday, John Steed with the organisation Oceans Beyond Piracy said. The ship was carrying fuel from Djibouti to Somalia&#039;s capital, Mogadishu, he said. Eight Sri Lankan crew members were aboard. 


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/somali-pirates-oil-tanker-hijack-puntland-al-qaeda-al-shabab-dijibouti-mogadishu-sri-lanka-crew-a7629001.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2011/12/01/17/Pirates.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Somali pirates that hijacked the "Aris 13", a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, release it without condition. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-somali-pirates-that-hijacked-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-release-it-without-condition.md) _Context: Piracy off the coast of Somalia, Somalia, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Somali pirates hijack an Indian cargo ship off the coast of Puntland. ](/news/2017/04/3/somali-pirates-hijack-an-indian-cargo-ship-off-the-coast-of-puntland.md) _Context: Piracy off the coast of Somalia, Somalia_
3. [The Committee to Protect Journalists claims that there have been 251 murders of journalists in 13 countries where the murderer has remained unpunished in the past decade with Iraq, Somalia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka being considered the worst environments for journalists. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-committee-to-protect-journalists-claims-that-there-have-been-251-murders-of-journalists-in-13-countries-where-the-murderer-has-remained.md) _Context: Somalia, Sri Lanka_
4. [ Somali pirates hijack Germany's MV "Victoria" and release the United Arab Emirates' MV "Al Meezan". ](/news/2009/05/6/somali-pirates-hijack-germany-s-mv-victoria-and-release-the-united-arab-emirates-mv-al-meezan.md) _Context: Somalia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Somalia, United Arab Emirates_
6. [City officials in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announce that residents will receive free parking spots and free Salik tag as well as an exemption from RTA registration and renewal vehicle fees if they choose to swap their petrol engine vehicles for electric ones. ](/news/2017/09/24/city-officials-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announce-that-residents-will-receive-free-parking-spots-and-free-salik-tag-as-well-as-an-exem.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [A journalist for the British newspaper "Financial Times" is killed by a crocodile in Sri Lanka. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-journalist-for-the-british-newspaper-financial-times-is-killed-by-a-crocodile-in-sri-lanka.md) _Context: Sri Lanka_
8. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
