### [2017-03-14](/news/2017/03/14/index.md)

# Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. 

Pirates have hijacked an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia, Somali officials and piracy experts have said, the first such seizure of a large commercial vessel on the crucial global trade route since 2012. The Aris 13 reported being approached by two skiffs on Monday, John Steed with the organisation Oceans Beyond Piracy said. The ship was carrying fuel from Djibouti to Somalia&#039;s capital, Mogadishu, he said. Eight Sri Lankan crew members were aboard. 


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/somali-pirates-oil-tanker-hijack-puntland-al-qaeda-al-shabab-dijibouti-mogadishu-sri-lanka-crew-a7629001.html)

### Related:

1. [The Somali pirates that hijacked the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, release it without condition. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-somali-pirates-that-hijacked-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-release-it-without-condition.md) _Context: Piracy off the coast of Somalia, Somalia, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Somali pirates hijack an Indian cargo ship off the coast of Puntland. ](/news/2017/04/3/somali-pirates-hijack-an-indian-cargo-ship-off-the-coast-of-puntland.md) _Context: Piracy off the coast of Somalia, Somalia_
3. [The Committee to Protect Journalists claims that there have been 251 murders of journalists in 13 countries where the murderer has remained unpunished in the past decade with  Iraq, Somalia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka being considered the worst environments for journalists. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-committee-to-protect-journalists-claims-that-there-have-been-251-murders-of-journalists-in-13-countries-where-the-murderer-has-remained.md) _Context: Somalia, Sri Lanka_
4. [ Somali pirates hijack Germany's MV ''Victoria'' and release the United Arab Emirates' MV ''Al Meezan''. ](/news/2009/05/6/somali-pirates-hijack-germany-s-mv-victoria-and-release-the-united-arab-emirates-mv-al-meezan.md) _Context: Somalia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which   investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding,  echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London.  ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sentence-for-human-trafficking-a.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
