### [2017-09-3](/news/2017/09/3/index.md)

# A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. 

The test Sunday was an extraordinary show of defiance by the North’s leader, Kim Jong-un, against President Trump.


### Source:

1. [AFP, Wall Street Journal via the Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/kim-jongun-boasts-north-korea-has-missileready-nuclear-weapon/news-story/f4dec8a034604fd0a7f2589cb11e6a6b)
2. [AP/Reuters via ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-09-03/north-korea-says-it-successfully-tested-hydrogen-bomb/8867568)
3. [NOSAR](https://www.norsar.no/press/latest-press-release/archive/large-nuclear-test-in-north-korea-on-3-september-2017-article1534-984.html)
4. [New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/02/world/asia/north-korea-hydrogen-bomb-missile.html)
5. [New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/02/world/asia/north-korea-tremor-possible-6th-nuclear-test.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-hwasong-12-ballistic-missile-which-flies-2-700-km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-th.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
2. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
3. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
4. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site_
5. [South Korea says it will resume cross-border propaganda broadcasts and limit entry to the Kaesong Industrial Region in response to yesterday's nuclear test at the North's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. North Korea considers the propaganda broadcasts to be "an act of war". ](/news/2016/01/7/south-korea-says-it-will-resume-cross-border-propaganda-broadcasts-and-limit-entry-to-the-kaesong-industrial-region-in-response-to-yesterday.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site_
6. [A 5.1 magnitude earthquake near Sungjibaegam, North Korea, is suspected to be a nuclear explosion at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. North Korea announces it has conducted a hydrogen bomb test. They claim to have tested a miniaturized bomb. If not true it would mean that the test partially failed. ](/news/2016/01/6/a-5-1-magnitude-earthquake-near-sungjibaegam-north-korea-is-suspected-to-be-a-nuclear-explosion-at-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-north.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site_
7. [North Korea may be preparing for an imminent thermonuclear weapon test at its Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, located in the country's North Hamgyong Province where previous tests took place in 2006, 2009 and 2013, according to a South Korean military report. ](/news/2016/01/3/north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-an-imminent-thermonuclear-weapon-test-at-its-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-located-in-the-country-s-north-h.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site_
8. [A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/a-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increased-activity-is-detec.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site_
9. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
10. [North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
