### [2015-05-24](/news/2015/05/24/index.md)

# Polish presidential election, 2015: Voters in Poland go to the polls for the second round of a Presidential election between President Bronislaw Komorowski and challenger Andrzej Duda with exit polls showing Duda ahead. 

WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Exit poll shows Andrzej Duda ahead of President Bronislaw Komorowski in Polish election.


### Source:

1. [AP via WTOP](http://wtop.com/europe/2015/05/exit-poll-shows-andrzej-duda-ahead-of-president-bronislaw-komorowski-in-polish-election/)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_POLAND_PRESIDENTIAL_ELECTION?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32862772)

### Related:

1. [Polish presidential election, 2015: Voters in Poland go to the polls for a presidential election with a second round of voting scheduled with Andrzej Duda of the Law and Justice Party challenging incumbent President Bronislaw Komorowski. ](/news/2015/05/10/polish-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-a-second-round-of-voting-scheduled-wit.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Bronislaw Komorowski, Polish, Polish presidential election, 2015, President_
2. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Polish, President_
3. [Polish constitutional crisis, 2015: The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland-s hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/polish-constitutional-crisis-2015-the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-th.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Polish, President_
4. [The funeral of Lukasz Urban, the driver killed in the course of last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin, takes place in his village of Banie near the German border. President of Poland Andrzej Duda and a German diplomat attend. ](/news/2016/12/30/the-funeral-of-aukasz-urban-the-driver-killed-in-the-course-of-last-week-s-attack-on-a-christmas-market-in-berlin-takes-place-in-his-vill.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, President_
5. [Lukasz Kaminski, head of the Institute of National Remembrance says a newly found document, seized this week from the house of Poland's last communist-era interior minister, Czeslaw Kiszczak, suggests that former Polish President Lech Walesa was an informant for the Polish People's Republic's secret security service during the 1970-76 period. ](/news/2016/02/18/aukasz-kamiaski-head-of-the-institute-of-national-remembrance-says-a-newly-found-document-seized-this-week-from-the-house-of-poland-s-la.md) _Context: Polish, President_
6. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting-pr.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Polish_
7. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Polish, President_
8. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Polish, President_
9. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:: Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: Polish, President_
10. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:: The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-the-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-nort.md) _Context: Polish, President_
