### [2003-10-14](/news/2003/10/14/index.md)

#  RTE's "Prime Time" current affairs programme reports that Cahal Daly, Bishop of Down and Conor, refused to accept allegations passed on to him by students of improper sexual conduct by Monsignor Micheal Ledwith, then head of St Patrick's College, Maynooth, Ireland's major seminary. According to the programme Daly became aggressive, telling students "go back and say your prayers". The TV programme confirms that Daly, and his predecessor, Cardinal Tomas O Fiaich, were centrally involved in efforts to silence critics of Ledwith, including forcing the resignation of one dean of students who informed them of allegations that Ledwith was making sexual advances against student priests. Ledwith subsequently left the college after paying damages to an under-age teenager to whom he allegedly made sexual advances. Ledwith, once an internationally famous Roman Catholic theologian tipped to become Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, is now associated with an American New Age organization. Having been tracked down by the programme, Ledwith refuses to comment 'for legal reasons'.




### Related:

1. [Pope Francis issues "Amoris Laetitia" or the Joy of Love, a document on the Roman Catholic approach to love, sex, marriage and family life. ](/news/2016/04/8/pope-francis-issues-amoris-laetitia-or-the-joy-of-love-a-document-on-the-roman-catholic-approach-to-love-sex-marriage-and-family-life.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
2. [In Australia, the New South Wales Police charge the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Adelaide, Philip Wilson, with allegedly covering up a child sexual abuse crime committed by another priest, James Fletcher, in the 1970s. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-australia-the-new-south-wales-police-charge-the-roman-catholic-archbishop-of-adelaide-philip-wilson-with-allegedly-covering-up-a-child.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
3. [RTE, the Irish national broadcast service, is jammed inexplicably with strange and repetitive messages, provoking confusion and debate. ](/news/2014/03/3/rta-the-irish-national-broadcast-service-is-jammed-inexplicably-with-strange-and-repetitive-messages-provoking-confusion-and-debate.md) _Context: RTE_
4. [Pakistani officials claim that an American drone strike on an Islamic seminary has killed six people, including two Afghan Taliban leaders and a leader of the Haqqani network. ](/news/2013/11/21/pakistani-officials-claim-that-an-american-drone-strike-on-an-islamic-seminary-has-killed-six-people-including-two-afghan-taliban-leaders-a.md) _Context: seminary_
5. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
6. [One person is dead and another 57 are injured after a bomb detonates inside a Roman Catholic church in Arusha, Tanzania. ](/news/2013/05/5/one-person-is-dead-and-another-57-are-injured-after-a-bomb-detonates-inside-a-roman-catholic-church-in-arusha-tanzania.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
7. [Papal conclave, 2013: More than 100 Roman Catholic cardinals meet in Rome to start the process of selecting a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/4/papal-conclave-2013-more-than-100-roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-to-start-the-process-of-selecting-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
8. [Black smoke rises from the Vatican's Sistine Chapel, signalling that Roman Catholic Cardinals had not elected a new pope in the morning session of the second day of voting at their conclave. ](/news/2013/03/13/black-smoke-rises-from-the-vatican-s-sistine-chapel-signalling-that-roman-catholic-cardinals-had-not-elected-a-new-pope-in-the-morning-sess.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
9. [Archbishop of Glasgow Philip Tartaglia is appointed apostolic administrator of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St Andrews and Edinburgh following Monday's resignation of Cardinal Keith O'Brien. ](/news/2013/02/27/archbishop-of-glasgow-philip-tartaglia-is-appointed-apostolic-administrator-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-st-andrews-and-edinburgh-fo.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
10. [Bishop Richard Williamson, because of his opposition to dialogue and his Holocaust denial, is expelled from the Society of Saint Pius X (SSPX) by its superior, Bishop Bernard Fellay. The SSPX is a formerly breakaway ultra-conservative Roman Catholic society founded by the late Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre that is critical of many of the changes in the Church brought about by Vatican Council II. ](/news/2012/10/25/bishop-richard-williamson-because-of-his-opposition-to-dialogue-and-his-holocaust-denial-is-expelled-from-the-society-of-saint-pius-x-ssp.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
