### [2012-05-10](/news/2012/05/10/index.md)

# British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct ''News of the World'' tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. 

Inquiry looking into press standards told ex-editor of News of the World tabloid did not have full security clearance.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/may/10/andy-coulson-top-secret-material)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/05/2012510174542885161.html)

### Related:

1. [News International phone hacking scandal:The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the ''News of the World'' at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pthe-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-deci.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, Leveson Inquiry_
3. [The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-w.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal:British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pbritish-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [British prime minister David Cameron's communications chief Andy Coulson resigns after feeling pressure over coverage of the ''News of the World'' phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/01/21/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-communications-chief-andy-coulson-resigns-after-feeling-pressure-over-coverage-of-the-news-of-the-w.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, News of the World_
6. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the ''News of the World'', regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-ph.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [Victims of press intrusion launch an online campaign to urge British Prime Minister David Cameron to fully implement the recommendations of the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/11/30/victims-of-press-intrusion-launch-an-online-campaign-to-urge-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-fully-implement-the-recommendations-of.md) _Context: David Cameron, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: David Cameron, Leveson Inquiry_
