### [2012-05-10](/news/2012/05/10/index.md)

# Salman Rushdie, Art Spiegelman and Mario Vargas Llosa are among those to protest against the planned spending of US$300 million on the Fifth Avenue branch of the New York Public Library, saying it is "a misplaced use of funds in a time of great scarcity". A letter signed by more than 700 writers, academics and others is sent to the library. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2012/may/10/salman-rushdie-writers-new-york-library)

### Related:

1. [Nayantara Sahgal, is one of the latest authors in India who will return that nation-s highest award from the National Academy of Letters in protest against what Salman Rushdie has characterized as "thuggish violence" creeping into Indian life under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ](/news/2015/10/17/nayantara-sahgal-is-one-of-the-latest-authors-in-india-who-will-return-that-nation-s-highest-award-from-the-national-academy-of-letters-i.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
2. [Writer Sir Salman Rushdie expresses doubt that his 1988 novel "The Satanic Verses" would be published today because of a climate of "fear and nervousness". ](/news/2012/09/17/writer-sir-salman-rushdie-expresses-doubt-that-his-1988-novel-the-satanic-verses-would-be-published-today-because-of-a-climate-of-fear-an.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
3. ["The Stressful Life of Salman Rushdie and Implementation of his Verdict", an in-development video game designed to introduce the younger generations to "The Satanic Verses" controversy, is unveiled at a Tehran games expo. ](/news/2012/06/26/the-stressful-life-of-salman-rushdie-and-implementation-of-his-verdict-an-in-development-video-game-designed-to-introduce-the-younger-gen.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
4. [170 international writers, including the Nobel laureates J. M. Coetzee, Nadine Gordimer, Toni Morrison, Orhan Pamuk, Wole Soyinka, Mario Vargas Llosa and Derek Walcott, take out a full page advert in Mexican newspaper "El Universal" to defend the freedom of journalists from fear and censorship. ](/news/2012/01/27/170-international-writers-including-the-nobel-laureates-j-m-coetzee-nadine-gordimer-toni-morrison-orhan-pamuk-wole-soyinka-mario-var.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
5. [Jaipur Literature Festival:: Ruchir Joshi, Jeet Thayil, Hari Kunzru and Amitava Kumar flee Jaipur on the advice of officials at the Jaipur Literature Festival after reading excerpts from Salman Rushdie's "The Satanic Verses", which is banned in India. Rushdie, himself banned from the event, is told that police are searching for the four fugitive writers. ](/news/2012/01/23/jaipur-literature-festival-ruchir-joshi-jeet-thayil-hari-kunzru-and-amitava-kumar-flee-jaipur-on-the-advice-of-officials-at-the-jaipur-l.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
6. [Writer Salman Rushdie withdraws from the Jaipur Literature Festival in India due to new concerns about his possible assassination. ](/news/2012/01/20/writer-salman-rushdie-withdraws-from-the-jaipur-literature-festival-in-india-due-to-new-concerns-about-his-possible-assassination.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
7. [Overseas artists are "poorly treated" by the UK's "absurd visa bureaucracy" according to a letter signed by dozens of prominent artists, including David Hare, Tom Stoppard, Salman Rushdie, Hanif Kureishi, Philip Pullman, Antonia Fraser, Michael Morpurgo and Sarah Waters. The letter suggests Abbas Kiarostami and Grigory Sokolov have already been "dissuaded from future visits". ](/news/2011/06/27/overseas-artists-are-poorly-treated-by-the-uk-s-absurd-visa-bureaucracy-according-to-a-letter-signed-by-dozens-of-prominent-artists-inc.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
8. [Mario Vargas Llosa, last year's recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature, speaks out against authoritarian governments and calls on all citizens to participate in political life while addressing students at Shanghai International Studies University. ](/news/2011/06/15/mario-vargas-llosa-last-year-s-recipient-of-the-nobel-prize-in-literature-speaks-out-against-authoritarian-governments-and-calls-on-all-ci.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
9. [Julian Assange's mother criticises leading figures in the U.S. government who called for her son's assassination on television, and expresses concerns that her son is being targeted by an American fatwa similar to the one brought against the writer Salman Rushdie in 1989. ](/news/2011/02/14/julian-assange-s-mother-criticises-leading-figures-in-the-u-s-government-who-called-for-her-son-s-assassination-on-television-and-expresse.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
10. [The Congress of the Republic of Peru applauds the Peruvian 2010 Nobel Literature laureate Mario Vargas Llosa. ](/news/2010/12/10/the-congress-of-the-republic-of-peru-applauds-the-peruvian-2010-nobel-literature-laureate-mario-vargas-llosa.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
