### [2015-04-6](/news/2015/04/6/index.md)

# An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. 

Indonesian court rules two Australians on death row not allowed to challenge president&#039;s clemency decision.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-04-06/court-decides-on-bali-nine-pair-appeal-against-execution/6373032)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Indonesia, Myuran Sukumaran, death penalty_
2. [ Australians Andrew Chan, 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, are sentenced to death by firing squad by an Indonesian court for their role in the Bali Nine heroin smuggling attempt. Fellow accused Martin Stephens, 29, and Michael Czugaj, 20, both receive life prison sentences. ](/news/2006/02/14/australians-andrew-chan-21-and-myuran-sukumaran-24-are-sentenced-to-death-by-firing-squad-by-an-indonesian-court-for-their-role-in-the.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Indonesia, Myuran Sukumaran, heroin_
3. [The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo says the execution of 11 convicts from overseas, most on drug charges, will not be delayed. A court has rejected the appeals of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, two Australians on death row. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-says-the-execution-of-11-convicts-from-overseas-most-on-drug-charges-will-not-be-delayed-a-court-h.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Joko Widodo, Myuran Sukumaran, President of Indonesia_
4. [Joko Widodo, the President of Indonesia, cancels a planned visit to Australia following violent protests in Jakarta that resulted in one death and 12 injured. ](/news/2016/11/5/joko-widodo-the-president-of-indonesia-cancels-a-planned-visit-to-australia-following-violent-protests-in-jakarta-that-resulted-in-one-dea.md) _Context: Australia, Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
5. [A suicide bomber attacks a police station in Solo, Indonesia, killing himself and injuring a  police officer. Solo is the birthplace of President Joko Widodo. ](/news/2016/07/5/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-police-station-in-solo-indonesia-killing-himself-and-injuring-a-police-officer-solo-is-the-birthplace-of-pres.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
6. [Two days before the one-year anniversary of the execution of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the ringleaders of the Bali Nine, member Michael Czugaj is discovered to be in possession of drugs in prison. ](/news/2016/04/27/two-days-before-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-the-ringleaders-of-the-bali-nine-member-mich.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Myuran Sukumaran_
7. [Australia and Indonesia sign a code of conduct to govern diplomatic ties following revelations in late 2013 that Australia's Defence Signals Directorate had tapped the phones of the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. ](/news/2014/08/28/australia-and-indonesia-sign-a-code-of-conduct-to-govern-diplomatic-ties-following-revelations-in-late-2013-that-australia-s-defence-signals.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
8. [2013 global surveillance disclosures:Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of  President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/2013-global-surveillance-disclosures-pindonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
9. [Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia and will "review" Australian diplomatic positions in Jakarta following revelations that Australia had tapped the phone of the President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife. ](/news/2013/11/18/indonesia-recalls-its-ambassador-to-australia-and-will-review-australian-diplomatic-positions-in-jakarta-following-revelations-that-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
10. [Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono arrives in Canberra for his "symbolic" three-day visit to Australia. ](/news/2010/03/9/indonesian-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-arrives-in-canberra-for-his-symbolic-three-day-visit-to-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
