### [2015-04-6](/news/2015/04/6/index.md)

# University of Virginia fraternity Phi Kappa Psi announces that it will "pursue all available options" against "Rolling Stone" magazine a day after the magazine withdraws "A Rape on Campus", a story alleging a student was gang-raped at a party in 2012. 

The Phi Kappa Psi fraternity at the University of Virginia said Monday that it is moving forward with a possible lawsuit against Rolling Stone magazine in the wake of the now-retracted &quot;Rape on Campus&quot; article. 


### Source:

1. [CNN Money](http://money.cnn.com/2015/04/06/media/phi-kappa-psi-rolling-stone-legal-action/index.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, the University of Virginia fraternity that was the subject of a "Rolling Stone" article about a brutal campus rape, filed a $25 million defamation lawsuit against the magazine and the article's writer. ](/news/2015/11/9/in-the-united-states-the-university-of-virginia-fraternity-that-was-the-subject-of-a-rolling-stone-article-about-a-brutal-campus-rape-fi.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
2. ["Rolling Stone" magazine retracts "A Rape on Campus", a discredited story claiming an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia. ](/news/2015/04/5/rolling-stone-magazine-retracts-a-rape-on-campus-a-discredited-story-claiming-an-alleged-gang-rape-at-the-university-of-virginia.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
3. [Rolling Stone Magazine issues a partial retraction on Sabrina Erdely's "A Rape on Campus" story after additional fact checking identifies "discrepancies" in the account of the University of Virginia young woman identified as "Jackie" who alleged that seven men raped her as she lay on broken glass during a party at U.Va.'s Phi Kappa Psi fraternity in 2012. ](/news/2014/12/5/rolling-stone-magazine-issues-a-partial-retraction-on-sabrina-erdely-s-a-rape-on-campus-story-after-additional-fact-checking-identifies-d.md) _Context: Phi Kappa Psi, University of Virginia_
4. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea sentences American Otto Warmbier, a 21-year-old from Cincinnati, Ohio, studying at the University of Virginia, to 15 years hard labor for removing a political poster from a hotel. ](/news/2016/03/16/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-sentences-american-otto-warmbier-a-21-year-old-from-cincinnati-ohio-studying-at-the-un.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
5. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by "Rolling Stone" magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-drug-war-mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october.md) _Context: Rolling Stone_
6. [Disappearance of Hannah Graham: A Virginia man is arrested in relation to the disappearance of Hannah Graham, a British student studying at the University of Virginia. ](/news/2014/09/24/disappearance-of-hannah-graham-a-virginia-man-is-arrested-in-relation-to-the-disappearance-of-hannah-graham-a-british-student-studying-at.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
7. [The University of Virginia reinstates President Teresa Sullivan after she was ousted without a formal vote earlier this month. ](/news/2012/06/26/the-university-of-virginia-reinstates-president-teresa-sullivan-after-she-was-ousted-without-a-formal-vote-earlier-this-month.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
8. [In Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., the prosecution and defense both make their opening statements in the trial of former University of Virginia men's lacrosse player George Huguely on murder charges in the 2010 death of former UVA women's lacrosse player Yeardley Love. ](/news/2012/02/8/in-charlottesville-virginia-u-s-the-prosecution-and-defense-both-make-their-opening-statements-in-the-trial-of-former-university-of-virg.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
9. [In Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., former University of Virginia men's lacrosse player George Huguely is found guilty of second-degree murder in the 2010 death of former UVA women's lacrosse player Yeardley Love. The jury recommends a 26-year prison sentence, with formal sentencing scheduled for April. ](/news/2012/02/22/in-charlottesville-virginia-u-s-former-university-of-virginia-men-s-lacrosse-player-george-huguely-is-found-guilty-of-second-degree-murd.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
10. [Two weeks after the sacking of General Stanley A. McChrystal over comments that appeared in "Rolling Stone", a top French general is attacked for publicly criticising the United States-led war attempt on Afghanistan and questioning if the United States is controlling its allies. ](/news/2010/07/9/two-weeks-after-the-sacking-of-general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-over-comments-that-appeared-in-rolling-stone-a-top-french-general-is-attacke.md) _Context: Rolling Stone_
