### [2005-01-19](/news/2005/01/19/index.md)

#  2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: The number of people known to have died in last month's Asian tsunami has reached 226,000, following an announcement by Indonesian officials that more than 166,000 had been confirmed dead in their country alone. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4189883.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Memorial services around the world, including one in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, attended by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, mark the first anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which saw 275,000 people killed or left missing. ](/news/2005/12/26/memorial-services-around-the-world-including-one-in-banda-aceh-indonesia-attended-by-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-mark-the-first.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
2. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
3. [ Two strong aftershocks strike tsunami-devastated Aceh, Indonesia, leading to some panic. ](/news/2005/02/13/two-strong-aftershocks-strike-tsunami-devastated-aceh-indonesia-leading-to-some-panic.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
4. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
5. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: Indonesia has again raised its estimate of the number of people killed by December's earthquake and tsunami to 220,000; the total known to have been killed in the region is now 280,000. ](/news/2005/01/25/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-indonesia-has-again-raised-its-estimate-of-the-number-of-people-killed-by-december-s-earthquake-and-tsunami-t.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
6. [ Indonesia's ambassador to Malaysia, Rusdihardjo, claims that the death toll from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake may eventually exceed 400,000 in Indonesia alone. (](/news/2004/12/31/indonesia-s-ambassador-to-malaysia-rusdihardjo-claims-that-the-death-toll-from-the-2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-may-eventually-exceed-400.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
7. [ An earthquake of magnitude 9.3, the strongest earthquake in 40 years, strikes in the Indian Ocean off the western coast of Sumatra. While initial reports state that the resulting tsunamis killed approximately 100 people, by the end of the day 250,000 people in coastal areas of Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, India, Bangladesh, Burma, Indonesia and Malaysia had been reported dead or missing. Tremors are also felt as far as Singapore, eastern countries of Africa, and north-western Australia. A state of emergency is declared in Sri Lanka, where over 31,000 people are feared dead. ](/news/2004/12/26/an-earthquake-of-magnitude-9-3-the-strongest-earthquake-in-40-years-strikes-in-the-indian-ocean-off-the-western-coast-of-sumatra-while-i.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia_
8. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
