### [2005-01-19](/news/2005/01/19/index.md)

#  Hajj: Around two million Muslims from around the world are converging on Mount Arafat for the most important day of the annual Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4186839.stm)

### Related:

1. [Millions of Muslims start the Hajj, the annual pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca. ](/news/2011/11/4/millions-of-muslims-start-the-hajj-the-annual-pilgrimage-to-the-holy-city-of-mecca.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca, Muslim_
2. [2015 Hajj stampede: At least 719 people are dead and 863 people injured in a stampede near Mecca during the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/09/24/2015-hajj-stampede-at-least-719-people-are-dead-and-863-people-injured-in-a-stampede-near-mecca-during-the-hajj-pilgrimage-in-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
3. [Incidents during the Hajj: Mecca crane collapse: Strong winds cause a construction crane collapse at the Masjid al-Haram mosque killing 107 people and injuring 283 others. Most of the people killed were on the annual Islamic hajj (pilgrimage) to Mecca. ](/news/2015/09/11/incidents-during-the-hajj-mecca-crane-collapse-strong-winds-cause-a-construction-crane-collapse-at-the-masjid-al-haram-mosque-killing-107.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
4. [Nigeria suspends flights to Saudi Arabia after hundreds of Nigerian women attending the Hajj pilgrimage in Mecca were deported for not traveling with a male escort. ](/news/2012/09/28/nigeria-suspends-flights-to-saudi-arabia-after-hundreds-of-nigerian-women-attending-the-hajj-pilgrimage-in-mecca-were-deported-for-not-trave.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
5. [ Countries in the Middle East take precautionary measures to control the spread of H1N1 during and after the Hajj, where several million Muslims from all over the world will arrive in Mecca for the annual pilgrimage in late November. ](/news/2009/07/12/countries-in-the-middle-east-take-precautionary-measures-to-control-the-spread-of-h1n1-during-and-after-the-hajj-where-several-million-mus.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
6. [ King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia invites the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Mecca for the Hajj pilgrimage. ](/news/2007/12/14/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-invites-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-to-visit-mecca-for-the-hajj-pilgrimage.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
7. [ An estimated two million Muslims officially begin the annual pilgrimage, or hajj, in Mecca, Saudi Arabia ](/news/2006/01/8/an-estimated-two-million-muslims-officially-begin-the-annual-pilgrimage-or-hajj-in-mecca-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
8. [ At least 76 people have died following the collapse of a five-story hotel in Mecca. The death toll is expected to rise. Most of the dead are foreign Muslim pilgrims who had made their way there for the Hajj. ](/news/2006/01/5/at-least-76-people-have-died-following-the-collapse-of-a-five-story-hotel-in-mecca-the-death-toll-is-expected-to-rise-most-of-the-dead-ar.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
9. [ In Mecca, 35 Muslim pilgrims are crushed to death during the annual Hajj pilgrimage.](/news/2001/03/5/in-mecca-35-muslim-pilgrims-are-crushed-to-death-during-the-annual-hajj-pilgrimage.md) _Context: Hajj, Mecca_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Muslim_
