### [2010-10-3](/news/2010/10/3/index.md)

# An explosion rips through a leather workshop in the town of Guzelburc in Hatay Province, Turkey, killing 3 people and injuring 5 others. 

Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region. Hurriyet daily news, turkish daily news, turkish news, hürriyet daily news, turkey news, daily news, hurriyet english, hurriyetdailynews


### Source:

1. [Hürriyet](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/n.php?n=three-killed-in-blast-at-turkish-leather-workshop-2010-10-03)

### Related:

1. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/02/15/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-a-turkish-soldier-is-killed-following-a-clash-on-the-syria-turkey-border-with-an-arme.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
3. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-thi.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
4. [Syrian civil war:: An explosion in a vehicle at the Cilvegozu border gate kills 14 civilians (eleven Syrians and three Turks), and injures more than 25 others in Reyhanli district of Hatay Province, Turkey. The gate is on the Turkish-Syrian border. ](/news/2013/02/11/syrian-civil-war-an-explosion-in-a-vehicle-at-the-cilvegapza1-4-border-gate-kills-14-civilians-eleven-syrians-and-three-turks-and-injures.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
5. [3 people were killed and 5 were injured after a boiler exploded in a tannery in Hatay in the Dericiler area of Guzelburc town. The injured were taken to Mustafa Kemal University-s faculty of medicine hospital. ](/news/2010/10/4/3-people-were-killed-and-5-were-injured-after-a-boiler-exploded-in-a-tannery-in-hatay-in-the-dericiler-area-of-ga1-4zelburass-town-the-injured.md) _Context: Guzelburc, Hatay Province_
6. [Turkish soldiers mistakenly kill two villagers in Hatay. ](/news/2010/06/28/turkish-soldiers-mistakenly-kill-two-villagers-in-hatay.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
7. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Creation-evolution controversy: Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/creation-evolution-controversy-turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming.md) _Context: Turkey_
