### [2010-10-3](/news/2010/10/3/index.md)

# The United Kingdom's Foreign and Commonwealth Office updates its travel advice for Europe. 

The Foreign Office updates its travel advice for Europe, warning of a &quot;high threat&quot; of attacks in countries including France and Germany.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-11462595)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Europe-Terror-Warning-US-State-Department-Warns-Of-Attack-And-Britons-Urged-To-Be-Vigilant/Article/201010115750223?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_0&lid=ARTICLE_15750223_Europe_Terror_Warning%3A_US_State_Department_Warns_Of_Attack_And_Britons_Urged_To_Be_Vigilant)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/oct/03/european-travel-advice-terror-threat)

### Related:

1. [Spain-United Kingdom relations: Disputed status of Gibraltar: The Royal Navy's HMS "Sabre" fires warning shots at a Spanish Guardia Civil vessel after it twice attempted to cut across the path of United States Navy submarine USS "Florida" during an incursion into Gibraltar's territorial waters. Gibraltar officials say Spanish vessels regularly stray deep into its territorial waters and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has attacked the incursions as provocative. ](/news/2016/05/5/spain-united-kingdom-relations-disputed-status-of-gibraltar-the-royal-navy-s-hms-sabre-fires-warning-shots-at-a-spanish-guardia-civil.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
2. [Moro conflict: The U.K. Foreign Office and the U.S. State Department issue travel advisories regarding the Philippine island of Mindanao and the Sulu Archipelago after a recent kidnapping near Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/22/moro-conflict-the-u-k-foreign-office-and-the-u-s-state-department-issue-travel-advisories-regarding-the-philippine-island-of-mindanao-and.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
3. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-p.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
4. [Turkey-United Kingdom relations: Turkey deports British academic Chris Stephenson, a computer science lecturer at Bilgi University in Istanbul, who is charged with making terrorism propaganda. The UK Foreign Office said it was providing assistance; there has been no comment from Turkish officials. ](/news/2016/03/16/turkey-united-kingdom-relations-turkey-deports-british-academic-chris-stephenson-a-computer-science-lecturer-at-bilgi-university-in-ista.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
5. [Killing of captives by ISIL: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) releases a video showing the killing of five men accused of committing espionage on the militant group for the United Kingdom. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office released a statement saying that they are examining the content of the video. ](/news/2016/01/4/killing-of-captives-by-isil-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-releases-a-video-showing-the-killing-of-five-men-accused-of-com.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
6. [Libyan factional fighting:: The Foreign and Commonwealth Office urges British nationals to leave the Libyan city of Benghazi immediately due to a "specific and imminent" threat to Westerners. ](/news/2013/01/24/libyan-factional-fighting-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-urges-british-nationals-to-leave-the-libyan-city-of-benghazi-immediately-due.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
7. [2011 Libyan civil war:: The United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office is investigating claims that a man from the English city of Manchester has been killed in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/03/4/2011-libyan-civil-war-the-united-kingdom-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-is-investigating-claims-that-a-man-from-the-english-city-of-manch.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
8. [Lord Jay, Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ahead of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, tells the Iraq Inquiry he felt "very uncomfortable" about Tony Blair declaring war on Iraq without another "necessary" United Nations resolution. ](/news/2010/06/30/lord-jay-permanent-under-secretary-at-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-ahead-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-tells-the-iraq-inquiry-he-fel.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
9. [Pope Benedict XVI and his upcoming visit to Britain:: The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office apologises after "The Sunday Telegraph" obtains a "foolish" document calling for the upcoming September visit of Pope Benedict XVI to be marked by the launch of "Benedict-branded" condoms, the opening of an abortion clinic and the blessing of a same-sex marriage. ](/news/2010/04/25/pope-benedict-xvi-and-his-upcoming-visit-to-britain-the-british-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-apologises-after-the-sunday-telegraph-ob.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
10. [ The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says efforts are continuing to secure the release of sailors captured by the Iranian Navy on November 25, while Iran warns it will deal with them seriously if it exposes "malicious intent". ](/news/2009/12/1/the-uk-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-says-efforts-are-continuing-to-secure-the-release-of-sailors-captured-by-the-iranian-navy-on-novembe.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
