### [2010-10-3](/news/2010/10/3/index.md)

# Voters in Brazil go to the polls in a presidential election with a runoff election likely between Dilma Rousseff of the Workers' Party and Jose Serra of the Brazilian Social Democratic Party. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/10/2010102232331405902.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/oct/04/brazil-presidential-elections-dilma-rousseff)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2010/10/3/20101030146471580_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Workers' Party_
2. [Crowds gather throughout Brazil to demand the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff due to a bribery and corruption scandal involving senior members of the governing Workers' Party. Recent polls show her approval ratings below 10%. ](/news/2015/08/16/crowds-gather-throughout-brazil-to-demand-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-due-to-a-bribery-and-corruption-scandal-involving-seni.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Workers' Party_
3. [Voters in Brazil go to the polls for the second round of the Brazilian presidential election between Dilma Rousseff and Jos Serra. Rousseff won 55% of the vote and will become the first female President of Brazil. ](/news/2010/10/31/voters-in-brazil-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-brazilian-presidential-election-between-dilma-rousseff-and-jose-serra-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian presidential election, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
5. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
6. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-of-breaking-budget-laws-and-put-her-on-trial.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for-allegedly-breaching-budget-rules-the-presi.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
