### [2015-04-11](/news/2015/04/11/index.md)

# Bangladeshi Jamaat-e-Islami leader Muhammad Kamaruzzaman is executed for war crimes committed during the 1971 Liberation War. 

Muhammad Kamaruzzaman was found guilty of mass killing, murder, abduction, torture, rape, persecution and abetment of torture in central Mymensingh region.


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/execution-of-jamaateislami-leader-muhammad-kamaruzzaman/article7092654.ece)

### Related:

1. [Bangladesh executes two former members of parliament, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, who were convicted in 2013 of war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence. ](/news/2015/11/22/bangladesh-executes-two-former-members-of-parliament-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-of-the-bangladesh-nationalist-party-and-ali-ahsan-mohamm.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, war crime_
2. [The head of Bangladesh's largest Islamist party, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Motiur Rahman Nizami, is executed for his alleged role in acts of genocide and war crimes 45 years ago during the independence war against Pakistan in 1971. Nizami is the fifth senior opposition leader to be executed in connection with the war; a total of 17 people have received the death penalty. Authorities prepare for possibly violent protests. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-head-of-bangladeshas-largest-islamist-party-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-motiur-rahman-nizami-is-executed-for-his-alleged-role-in-act.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
3. [Bangladesh hangs Abdul Kader Mullah, a leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, for committing atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/12/12/bangladesh-hangs-abdul-kader-mullah-a-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-for-committing-atrocities-in-the-bangladesh-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
4. [The Dhaka High Court rules the registration of Bangladesh's largest Islamic group Jamaat-e-Islami as a political party illegal making it potentially ineligible to contest elections. ](/news/2013/08/1/the-dhaka-high-court-rules-the-registration-of-bangladesh-s-largest-islamic-group-jamaat-e-islami-as-a-political-party-illegal-making-it-pot.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
5. [A Bangladesh war crimes tribunal sentences Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, Secretary General of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami political party, to death for atrocities committed during the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/07/17/a-bangladesh-war-crimes-tribunal-sentences-ali-ahsan-mohammad-mojaheed-secretary-general-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-political-party.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
6. [A war crimes tribunal finds Bangladeshi ex-politician Ghulam Azam, former leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, guilty of war crimes during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/07/15/a-war-crimes-tribunal-finds-bangladeshi-ex-politician-ghulam-azam-former-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-guilty-of-war-crimes-dur.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
7. [Three people are dead and over 200 are injured when Hefajat-e-Islam and Jamaat-e-Islami clash with police in Dhaka, Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/05/5/three-people-are-dead-and-over-200-are-injured-when-hefajat-e-islam-and-jamaat-e-islami-clash-with-police-in-dhaka-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
8. [At least 16 people die in clashes in Bangladesh as a strike organized by Jamaat-e-Islami begins. ](/news/2013/03/3/at-least-16-people-die-in-clashes-in-bangladesh-as-a-strike-organized-by-jamaat-e-islami-begins.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
9. [Riots take place in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, ahead of the verdict of a trial in the International Crimes Tribunal against Abdul Quader Molla, the assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party dating from the 1971 Bangladeshi War of Independence. He is given a life sentence. ](/news/2013/02/5/riots-take-place-in-dhaka-the-capital-of-bangladesh-ahead-of-the-verdict-of-a-trial-in-the-international-crimes-tribunal-against-abdul-qua.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami_
10. [At least 35 people are killed across Bangladesh in violent demonstrations sparked when Islamic political leader Delwar Hossain Sayeedi was sentenced to death for war crimes. ](/news/2013/02/28/at-least-35-people-are-killed-across-bangladesh-in-violent-demonstrations-sparked-when-islamic-political-leader-delwar-hossain-sayeedi-was-s.md) _Context: Bangladesh, war crime_
