### [2015-04-11](/news/2015/04/11/index.md)

# Heavy Saudi Arabian air strikes hit southern Yemen resulting in at least 20 deaths of Houthis soldiers and two members of rival militias. Saudi Arabia claims to have killed 500 rebels since the start of military operations in March.  

Local militiamen in the Yemeni city of Aden said they captured two Iranian military officers advising Houthi rebels during fighting on Friday evening.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/11/middleeast/yemen-crisis-saudi-arabia/)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/11/world/asia/india-concludes-evacuation-of-its-citizens-from-yemen.html?nytmobile=0)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/11/us-yemen-security-airstrikes-idUSKBN0N207I20150411)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Houthi shelling kills seven in Saudi Arabia; nine Yemenis from one family die from an airstrike by the Saudi-led alliance. ](/news/2016/08/16/houthi-shelling-kills-seven-in-saudi-arabia-nine-yemenis-from-one-family-die-from-an-airstrike-by-the-saudi-led-alliance.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
4. [Saudi Arabia's Interior Ministry says five border guards have been killed following clashes with Houthi militants on the border with Yemen. ](/news/2016/07/25/saudi-arabia-s-interior-ministry-says-five-border-guards-have-been-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-on-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
5. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
6. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
