### [2015-04-11](/news/2015/04/11/index.md)

# Turkey sends additional troops and aircraft into Agri Province which borders Iran, after four soldiers are injured in clashes with PKK insurgents. 

Five Kurdish insurgents were killed in a clash with Turkish forces in the eastern Agri province on Saturday, the military said, after it sent in extra troops and armed helicopters against the militants.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/04/11/uk-turkey-kurds-idUKKBN0N206W20150411)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [A suicide attack by the PKK kills two Turkish Army soldiers and injures 24 others in the Turkish town of Dogubeyazit in Agri Province near the Iran border. ](/news/2015/08/2/a-suicide-attack-by-the-pkk-kills-two-turkish-army-soldiers-and-injures-24-others-in-the-turkish-town-of-doaubeyaza-t-in-aara-province-ne.md) _Context: Agri Province, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
2. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
3. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
4. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
5. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK. ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
6. [Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-impose-a-curfew-in-the-city-of-mardin-due-to.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
7. [Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldiers.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
8. [Turkish jets strike PKK militant positions across south-east Turkey and northern Iraq and deploy special forces to the Iraqi border following a deadly PKK attack which left at least 16 Turkish soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/09/7/turkish-jets-strike-pkk-militant-positions-across-south-east-turkey-and-northern-iraq-and-deploy-special-forces-to-the-iraqi-border-followin.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
9. [Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-soldiers-also-the-turkish.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
10. [At least 55 are killed when Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) camps in northern Iraq, according to Turkey's security sources. ](/news/2015/09/19/at-least-55-are-killed-when-turkish-warplanes-hit-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-camps-in-northern-iraq-according-to-turkey-s-security-sourc.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
