### [2008-01-25](/news/2008/01/25/index.md)

#  Iraq War: Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki claims al-Qaeda in Iraq has been pushed out of most of the nation, and Iraqi security forces are preparing a "decisive" offensive against the group in Mosul, their last stronghold, in response to attacks in the city that have killed around 40 people, including the area's police chief. 

Iraqi security forces have begun a &quot;decisive&quot; final offensive against al Qaeda in Iraq to push the Sunni Islamist militants out of their last major stronghold in the north, Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSL1880448320080125?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&rpc=22&sp=true)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/12/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-rejects-turkey-s-claim-that-turkish-forces-must-be-included-in-an-operation-to-retake.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Mosul_
4. [Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki withdraws both his candidacy and his complaint against President Fuad Masum for allegedly violating the Iraqi constitution. ](/news/2014/08/14/prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-withdraws-both-his-candidacy-and-his-complaint-against-president-fuad-masum-for-allegedly-violating-the-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
5. [Iraqi insurgency (2011-present): Iraq's embattled Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says that he will file a legal complaint against President Fuad Masum for opposing Maliki's reappointment. ](/news/2014/08/11/iraqi-insurgency-2011-present-iraq-s-embattled-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-says-that-he-will-file-a-legal-complaint-against-presiden.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
6. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal): Kurdish MPs withdraw from the central government following a dispute with the Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki with Kurdish forces taking over control of two northern oil fields at Bai Hassan and Kirkuk. ](/news/2014/07/11/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-kurdish-mps-withdraw-from-the-central-government-following-a-dispute-with-the-prime-minister-nouri.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
7. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki confirms that the Syrian Air Force bombed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant positions in Iraq earlier in the week. ](/news/2014/06/26/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-confirms-that-the-syrian-air-force-bombed-islamic-state-in-iraq-and.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
8. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki calls for national unity as a Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant reaches Yathrib 87 kilometres (54 miles) north of Baghdad. ](/news/2014/06/25/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-calls-for-national-unity-as-a-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
9. [2011-2013 Iraqi protests:: Ongoing protests by Sunni Muslims in Iraq against the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turn deadly, as clashes leave 7 protesters and 2 soldiers dead in Fallujah. More than 60 others are injured, and at least 3 soldiers are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2013/01/25/2011-2013-iraqi-protests-ongoing-protests-by-sunni-muslims-in-iraq-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-turn-deadly.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
10. [Massive Sunni-led demonstrations erupt across Iraq demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2012/12/28/massive-sunni-led-demonstrations-erupt-across-iraq-demanding-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
