### [2009-04-7](/news/2009/04/7/index.md)

#  The General Assembly legalizes same-sex marriage in Vermont, United States. 




### Source:

1. [Burlington Free Press](http://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/article/20090407/NEWS03/90407016)

### Related:

1. [The Episcopal Church in the United States adopts its liturgy for same sex marriages. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-adopts-its-liturgy-for-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: U.S., same-sex marriage_
2. [Governor of Vermont Peter Shumlin abandons plans for the first single-payer health care system in the United States, citing transparency problems and heavy tax increases. ](/news/2014/12/19/governor-of-vermont-peter-shumlin-abandons-plans-for-the-first-single-payer-health-care-system-in-the-united-states-citing-transparency-pro.md) _Context: U.S., Vermont_
3. [Former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton officially announces her support for same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/03/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-officially-announces-her-support-for-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: U.S., same-sex marriage_
4. [In the United States, prospective Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney condemns same-sex marriage as illegitimate. At the evangelical Christian Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, he describes marriage as exclusively "a relationship between one man and one woman." ](/news/2012/05/12/in-the-united-states-prospective-republican-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-condemns-same-sex-marriage-as-illegitimate-at-the-evangelic.md) _Context: U.S., same-sex marriage_
5. [The Washington State Legislature in the United States approves a bill that will allow same-sex marriage in the state. ](/news/2012/02/8/the-washington-state-legislature-in-the-united-states-approves-a-bill-that-will-allow-same-sex-marriage-in-the-state.md) _Context: U.S., same-sex marriage_
6. [President Obama provides temporary relief for illegal immigrants who are students, veterans, the elderly, crime victims and those with family, including same-sex partners, as part of immigration reform in the United States. ](/news/2011/08/23/president-obama-provides-temporary-relief-for-illegal-immigrants-who-are-students-veterans-the-elderly-crime-victims-and-those-with-famil.md) _Context: U.S., same-sex marriage_
7. [ The United Church of Christ becomes the first mainline U.S. Christian denomination to officially support same-sex marriages by passing a resolution calling for member churches to consider wedding policies "that do not discriminate against couples based on gender." It also asks churches to consider supporting legislation granting equal marriage rights to gay and lesbian couples and to work against laws banning gay marriage. ](/news/2005/07/5/the-united-church-of-christ-becomes-the-first-mainline-u-s-christian-denomination-to-officially-support-same-sex-marriages-by-passing-a-re.md) _Context: U.S., same-sex marriage_
8. [ Same-sex marriage in Massachusetts: The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, the state supreme court of Massachusetts, issues a response to a Massachusetts Senate question about instituting civil unions, such as the civil unions on Vermont, would meet the requirements of the 4-3 decision in "Goodridge v. Department of Public Health" issued in November 2003. The Court responds that such civil unions would not be sufficient to comply with "Goodridge", in which the Court held that not allowing same-sex couples to marry violated the Massachusetts Constitution. White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan states that the Bush administration is reviewing the decision, that the Court's ruling is "deeply troubling", and that President Bush is "firmly committed to protecting and defending" marriage.](/news/2004/02/4/same-sex-marriage-in-massachusetts-the-massachusetts-supreme-judicial-court-the-state-supreme-court-of-massachusetts-issues-a-response-t.md) _Context: legalizes, same-sex marriage_
9. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S._
