### [2009-04-7](/news/2009/04/7/index.md)

#  United States District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan overturns the conviction of former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/POLITICS/04/07/ted.stevens/)

### Related:

1. [ Alaskan Senator Ted Stevens is found guilty on all seven counts of lying on United States Senate financial documents.  ](/news/2008/10/27/alaskan-senator-ted-stevens-is-found-guilty-on-all-seven-counts-of-lying-on-united-states-senate-financial-documents.md) _Context: Alaska, Ted Stevens, United States, United States senators_
2. [ United States Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska is indicted on seven counts related to his conduct as a Senator. ](/news/2008/07/29/united-states-senator-ted-stevens-of-alaska-is-indicted-on-seven-counts-related-to-his-conduct-as-a-senator.md) _Context: Alaska, Ted Stevens, United States_
3. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: Emmet Sullivan, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
4. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, United States_
5. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States senators_
6. [The United States cancels two potential Arctic lease sales off Alaska's northern coast, and announces Shell and Statoil current leases will not be extended because of  "current market conditions and low industry interest." ](/news/2015/10/17/the-united-states-cancels-two-potential-arctic-lease-sales-off-alaska-s-northern-coast-and-announces-shell-and-statoil-current-leases-will.md) _Context: Alaska, United States_
7. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: Alaska, United States_
8. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: United States, United States senators_
9. [A proposal to tighten gun control in the United States fails in a Senate vote. ](/news/2013/04/17/a-proposal-to-tighten-gun-control-in-the-united-states-fails-in-a-senate-vote.md) _Context: United States, United States senators_
10. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: United States, United States senators_
