### [2003-05-6](/news/2003/05/6/index.md)

#  Brian Duchow, a Milwaukee bus driver, is charged with child abuse of a passenger with Down syndrome, allegedly hitting him and threatening more abuse. The abuse was recorded on an audio tape using a recorder that the parents had put in the child's backpack.




### Related:

1. [Violence breaks out in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, following a fatal police shooting of a 23-year-old male criminal armed with a handgun earlier in the day. The Milwaukee Police Department says an officer was injured after being struck in the head by a brick, while a police car and gas station were set on fire. ](/news/2016/08/13/violence-breaks-out-in-milwaukee-wisconsin-following-a-fatal-police-shooting-of-a-23-year-old-male-criminal-armed-with-a-handgun-earlier-i.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
2. [Protesters demanding a $15 minimum wage stormed the venue in front of local and national media prior to the start of the sixth debate, this one between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/02/11/protesters-demanding-a-15-minimum-wage-stormed-the-venue-in-front-of-local-and-national-media-prior-to-the-start-of-the-sixth-debate-this.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
3. [The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, man who is alleged to have been planning a machine gun mass shooting at a local Masonic Temple. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-u-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-a-milwaukee-wisconsin-man-who-is-alleged-to-have-been-planning-a-machine-gun-mass-shootin.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
4. [A Wisconsin gun shop, which a jury found negligently sold the gun an assailant used to injure two Milwaukee police officers to a straw buyer, reaches a $1 million settlement with the officers. ](/news/2015/12/12/a-wisconsin-gun-shop-which-a-jury-found-negligently-sold-the-gun-an-assailant-used-to-injure-two-milwaukee-police-officers-to-a-straw-buyer.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
5. [The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, according to its Archbishop, Jerome Listecki, reaches a collective settlement agreement of $21 million for its sex abuse claims, meaning it could emerge from its January 4, 2011 Chapter 11 bankruptcy. ](/news/2015/08/4/the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-milwaukee-in-milwaukee-wisconsin-according-to-its-archbishop-jerome-listecki-reaches-a-collective-set.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
6. [ Pabst Brewing Company announces plans to brew again at their historic brewery located in Milwaukee. ](/news/2015/07/15/pabst-brewing-company-announces-plans-to-brew-again-at-their-historic-brewery-located-in-milwaukee.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
7. [French President Francois Hollande promises to investigate claims that French Army soldiers were involved in sexual child abuse in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/05/1/french-president-franassois-hollande-promises-to-investigate-claims-that-french-army-soldiers-were-involved-in-sexual-child-abuse-in-the-cent.md) _Context: child abuse_
8. [A 76-year-old man is sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2012 murder of a 13-year-old boy in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. ](/news/2013/07/22/a-76-year-old-man-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-without-parole-for-the-2012-murder-of-a-13-year-old-boy-in-milwaukee-wisconsin.md) _Context: Milwaukee_
9. [Eli Reimer, aged sixteen, becomes the first teenager with Down syndrome to climb to Mount Everest's Base Camp. ](/news/2013/04/1/eli-reimer-aged-sixteen-becomes-the-first-teenager-with-down-syndrome-to-climb-to-mount-everest-s-base-camp.md) _Context: Down syndrome_
10. [Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. ](/news/2012/11/1/charges-of-perjury-and-child-endangerment-among-others-are-filed-against-former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-and-two-other-administ.md) _Context: child abuse_
