### [2003-05-6](/news/2003/05/6/index.md)

#  Buckingham Palace announces that Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex and his wife, Sophie, Countess of Wessex are expecting their first child. The child, due to be born on May 6, 2003. He or she will be the seventh grandchild of Queen Elizabeth&nbsp;II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.




### Related:

1. [Buckingham Palace announces that 95-year-old Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince consort of Queen Elizabeth II, will retire from royal duties in August. ](/news/2017/05/4/buckingham-palace-announces-that-95-year-old-prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-the-prince-consort-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-will-retire-from-ro.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh_
2. [Buckingham Palace announces the engagement of the Queen's granddaughter Zara Phillips and Rugby Union player Mike Tindall. ](/news/2010/12/21/buckingham-palace-announces-the-engagement-of-the-queen-s-granddaughter-zara-phillips-and-rugby-union-player-mike-tindall.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace, Queen Elizabeth_
3. [ Queen Elizabeth II has a benign non-cancerous growth removed from her face. Buckingham Palace confirms the removed growths will be subject to further tests but denies there are any cancer fears surrounding the 77-year-old sovereign. She also underwent a knee operation. [http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-12947243,00.html]](/news/2003/12/12/queen-elizabeth-ii-has-a-benign-non-cancerous-growth-removed-from-her-face-buckingham-palace-confirms-the-removed-growths-will-be-subject.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace, Queen Elizabeth_
4. [Two British police officers were assaulted with a sword while trying to arrest a man outside Buckingham Palace. ](/news/2017/08/25/two-british-police-officers-were-assaulted-with-a-sword-while-trying-to-arrest-a-man-outside-buckingham-palace.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
5. [Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, retires from public appearances at the age of 96, after having completed 22,219 solo engagements since 1952. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-08-03/prince-philip-queen-elizabeth-royal-husband-retires/8769254 ("ABC News (Australia)")]](/news/2017/08/2/prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-retires-from-public-appearances-at-the-age-of-96-after-having-completed-22-219-solo-engagements-since-195.md) _Context: Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh_
6. [Around 10,000 people attend a street party in front of Buckingham Palace to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/06/12/around-10-000-people-attend-a-street-party-in-front-of-buckingham-palace-to-celebrate-queen-elizabeth-ii-s-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh_
8. [A man is arrested after attempting to enter Buckingham Palace, London, while in possession of a knife. ](/news/2013/10/14/a-man-is-arrested-after-attempting-to-enter-buckingham-palace-london-while-in-possession-of-a-knife.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
9. [A man is arrested on suspicion of burglary, trespass and criminal damage after scaling a fence to get into Buckingham Palace. ](/news/2013/09/7/a-man-is-arrested-on-suspicion-of-burglary-trespass-and-criminal-damage-after-scaling-a-fence-to-get-into-buckingham-palace.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
10. [Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh is admitted to a London hospital for an exploratory operation after experiencing abdominal pains. ](/news/2013/06/6/prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-is-admitted-to-a-london-hospital-for-an-exploratory-operation-after-experiencing-abdominal-pains.md) _Context: Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh_
