### [2008-03-4](/news/2008/03/4/index.md)

#  United States Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Dan Fried estimates that Kosovo will need about $2 billion in foreign aid to become economically viable, and says that the United States will participate in a major donors' conference on Kosovo in June. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/europeCrisis/idUSN04479638)

### Related:

1. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
2. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
3. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
4. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
5. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
6. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
7. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
8. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
9. [According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivalent-to-us-11-3-million-are-reported-missing.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
10. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words "''Kosovo je Srbija''" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo_
