### [2015-10-20](/news/2015/10/20/index.md)

# A French public prosecutor said charges against far-right leader Marine Le Pen should be dropped. Le Pen is being tried for comments she made five years ago comparing Muslim street prayers to Nazi occupation. Prosecutor Bernard Reynaud said, "Madame Le Pen in denouncing prayers in public space addressed not the entire Muslim community but a minority and was only exercising her freedom of expression." 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/10/20/french-prosecutor-calls-to-drop-racism-charges-against-far-right-leader.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/20/us-france-politics-lepen-idUSKCN0SE1XS20151020)

### Related:

1. [Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national-front-steps-down-from-this-role-af.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
2. [Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. ](/news/2017/04/24/presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-announces-she-is-stepping-down-as-leader-of-the-national-front.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
3. [Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for-the-second-round.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
4. [The campaign period officially ends. French citizens living overseas begin voting a day ahead of when the polls open in France. Final opinion polling gives Emmanuel Macron a slight lead over Marine Le Pen. Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon are close behind. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-campaign-period-officially-ends-french-citizens-living-overseas-begin-voting-a-day-ahead-of-when-the-polls-open-in-france-final-opinio.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
5. [New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-ahead-of-the.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
6. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
7. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
8. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
9. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen leaves before her scheduled meeting in Beirut with Lebanon's top Sunni Muslim religious leader, Grand Mufti Abdellatif Deryan, following her refusal to accept the offered headscarf to cover her hair. Le Pen's aides had been informed earlier about the traditional, religious need for a headscarf for this meeting. ](/news/2017/02/21/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-leaves-before-her-scheduled-meeting-in-beirut-with-lebanon-s-top-sunni-muslim-rel.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
10. [Police in Bamberg, Germany arrested three people said to be involved in a far-right extremist terror plot to attack refugee shelters, shelter staff and public officials supportive of refugees. ](/news/2015/10/23/police-in-bamberg-germany-arrested-three-people-said-to-be-involved-in-a-far-right-extremist-terror-plot-to-attack-refugee-shelters-shelte.md) _Context: far-right extremist_
