### [2015-10-20](/news/2015/10/20/index.md)

# European Union members agree to provide 291 border guards to Greece and Italy to help identify and register migrants. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d56eb92fd85347aa93b3364e3640fc62/latest-thousands-more-migrants-reach-slovenia)

### Related:

1. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greece_
2. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greece_
3. [The European Union launches a new aid program  worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used  to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in  other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a  majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-growing-refugee-crisis-in.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greece_
4. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greece_
5. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greece_
6. [Some 26 migrants are feared missing after a dinghy carrying them sinks off the coast of the Greek island of Lesbos. The Greek Coast Guard rescued 20 people who were spotted in the water by Frontex, EU's border agency. ](/news/2015/09/20/some-26-migrants-are-feared-missing-after-a-dinghy-carrying-them-sinks-off-the-coast-of-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-greek-coast-guard-re.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Greece_
7. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italy_
8. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece_
9. [Ventimiglian police commander Giorgio Marenco says the more than 100 migrants who crashed the Italian border town's police barriers and entered France remain, under French police  surveillance, outside the French Riviera town of Menton. ](/news/2016/08/5/ventimiglian-police-commander-giorgio-marenco-says-the-more-than-100-migrants-who-crashed-the-italian-border-town-s-police-barriers-and-ente.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italy_
10. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. ](/news/2016/07/5/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-referendum-on-october-2-where-voters-will-get-to-choose-whethe.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis_
