### [2015-10-20](/news/2015/10/20/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia receives US State Department approval for the purchase of four Multi-Mission Combat Ships for $11.25 billion. 

Saudi Arabia has received U.S. State Department approval for the $11.25 billion purchase of four Multi-Mission Combat Ships from the United States.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/Security-Industry/2015/10/20/Saudi-Arabia-gets-State-Dept-OK-for-1125B-combat-ship-deal/5861445371919/?spt=hs&or=si)

### Related:

1. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
2. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
4. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/06/14/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-the-egyptian-parliament-approves-the-transfer-of-two-uninhabited-red-sea-islands-tiran-island-and-sanafir-i.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [North Korea-United States relations: After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: United States State Department_
