### [2015-10-20](/news/2015/10/20/index.md)

#  The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. 

The US military has deployed a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to the air base at Incirlik in southern Turkey, a US official said Tuesday. The 12 planes, famed for their tank-destroying capabilities, arrived over the weekend and have already been scheduled to fly missions in support of the US-led coalition


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/canada-withdrawing-fighter-jets-iraq-syria-trudeau-tells-220007010.html)
2. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/us-deploys-ground-attack-10-planes-turkey-155644211.html)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
3. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, United States_
4. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: ISIL, Incirlik Air Base, Syria, Turkey_
5. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL, United States_
6. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
7. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Syria, United States_
8. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
9. [After more than 18 months of requests, Turkey comes under heavy international pressure to secure its borders to the influx of foreign fighters, oil, and weapons crossing into Syria to fight for ISIS. ISIS fighters have been moving towards the Turkey-Syria border using armored cars looted from Iraqi military bases. ](/news/2014/08/24/after-more-than-18-months-of-requests-turkey-comes-under-heavy-international-pressure-to-secure-its-borders-to-the-influx-of-foreign-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Syria, Turkey_
10. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
