### [2015-10-20](/news/2015/10/20/index.md)

# U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/20/middleeast/israeli-palestinian-tensions/)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4079460/united-nations-ban-ki-moon-israeli-palestinian-peace/)

### Related:

1. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Jerusalem, Palestinian_
2. [Three Palestinian assailants are shot dead in separate attacks on Israeli security forces in Jerusalem and the West Bank. ](/news/2016/02/19/three-palestinian-assailants-are-shot-dead-in-separate-attacks-on-israeli-security-forces-in-jerusalem-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
4. [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank.  Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repo.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
5. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Jerusalem_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinian_
7. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
8. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
9. [Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem sends a letter to Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon in which he writes charges against three Israelis charged with spying for Syria are "baseless" and "fabricated". ](/news/2010/08/5/syrian-foreign-minister-walid-muallem-sends-a-letter-to-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-in-which-he-writes-charges-again.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
10. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
