### [2012-01-21](/news/2012/01/21/index.md)

# Under new guidelines to come into force from April 30, clinics which charge for pregnancy services, including abortions, will be able to advertise on radio and television in the United Kingdom, after the Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice ruled there was no justification for barring such clinics from advertising their services. 

Private clinics that charge for pregnancy services including abortions will be able to advertise on television and radio under new rules.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16663800)

### Related:

1. [ A law legalising abortion in the first ten weeks of pregnancy comes into effect in Portugal. ](/news/2007/07/15/a-law-legalising-abortion-in-the-first-ten-weeks-of-pregnancy-comes-into-effect-in-portugal.md) _Context: abortion, pregnancy_
2. [ Abortion in Mexico: Mexico City's Legislative Assembly votes to legalise abortion on demand during the first trimester of pregnancy. ](/news/2007/04/24/abortion-in-mexico-mexico-city-s-legislative-assembly-votes-to-legalise-abortion-on-demand-during-the-first-trimester-of-pregnancy.md) _Context: abortion, pregnancy_
3. [ Following a recent referendum, the Portuguese Parliament votes to legalise abortion until the tenth week of pregnancy. ](/news/2007/03/9/following-a-recent-referendum-the-portuguese-parliament-votes-to-legalise-abortion-until-the-tenth-week-of-pregnancy.md) _Context: abortion, pregnancy_
4. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: abortion_
