### [2007-05-22](/news/2007/05/22/index.md)

#  Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican community, declines to invite gay Bishop of New Hampshire Gene Robinson and unrecognized conservative Bishop Martyn Minns of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America to the 2008 Lambeth Conference. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20070522/ts_nm/religion_anglicans_conference_dc)

### Related:

1. [ The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-anglican-churches-of-north-america-ndash-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-and-the-anglican-church-of-canada-ndash-are-aske.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, Lambeth Conference, New Hampshire_
2. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, New Hampshire, bishop_
3. [The current Bishop of Durham Justin Welby is officially named as the next Archbishop of Canterbury, the leader of the Anglican Church. He will succeed the present incumbent, Rowan Williams, who is set to retire in December. ](/news/2012/11/9/the-current-bishop-of-durham-justin-welby-is-officially-named-as-the-next-archbishop-of-canterbury-the-leader-of-the-anglican-church-he-wi.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
4. [Dr. Rowan Williams announces his intention to retire as Archbishop of Canterbury at the end of the year. Having headed the Anglican Church since 2003, he will subsequently take up the role as Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge. ](/news/2012/03/16/dr-rowan-williams-announces-his-intention-to-retire-as-archbishop-of-canterbury-at-the-end-of-the-year-having-headed-the-anglican-church-s.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
5. [Clarence House confirms that Prince William and Catherine Middleton will be married by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams. ](/news/2011/01/5/clarence-house-confirms-that-prince-william-and-catherine-middleton-will-be-married-by-the-archbishop-of-canterbury-dr-rowan-williams.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
6. [ Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams and Pope Benedict XVI agree to "seek closer relations" in a meeting in Rome. ](/news/2009/11/21/archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-and-pope-benedict-xvi-agree-to-seek-closer-relations-in-a-meeting-in-rome.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
7. [ Pope Benedict XVI prepares to enact new rules restricting homosexual men from entering the seminary, claiming that the action will help to curb the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal. In response, Gene Robinson, the first openly gay U.S. ordained Episcopalian bishop, calls it "an act of violence that needs to be confronted." ](/news/2005/11/5/pope-benedict-xvi-prepares-to-enact-new-rules-restricting-homosexual-men-from-entering-the-seminary-claiming-that-the-action-will-help-to.md) _Context: Anglican, Gene Robinson_
8. [ The Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the leader of the world-wide Anglican Communion, is challenged to rethink his personal stance on the ordination of gay clergy in the light of scripture by nearly half of all the Anglican Primates. ](/news/2005/11/17/the-archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-the-leader-of-the-world-wide-anglican-communion-is-challenged-to-rethink-his-personal-stance.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
9. [ The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. ](/news/2004/10/18/the-anglican-communion-s-lambeth-commission-on-communion-releases-the-windsor-report-the-commission-recommends-that-churches-throughout-th.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, bishop_
10. [ In an unprecedented move, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York write to Tony Blair on behalf of all 114 Anglican bishops, expressing deep concern about UK government policy and criticising coalition troops' conduct in Iraq. They cite the abuse of Iraqi detainees, which they say has been "deeply damaging"&nbsp;- and state that the government's apparent double standards "diminish the credibility of western governments". ](/news/2004/06/30/in-an-unprecedented-move-the-archbishops-of-canterbury-and-york-write-to-tony-blair-on-behalf-of-all-114-anglican-bishops-expressing-deep.md) _Context: Anglican, Archbishop of Canterbury_
