### [2015-05-14](/news/2015/05/14/index.md)

# Malaysia turns away two boats with more than 800 Rohingya and Bangladesh migrants abandoned at sea by human traffickers. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/65f27d071b384241b520179e37063d2d/worries-grow-rohingya-bangladeshi-migrants-boats)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia detains over a thousand Bangladeshi and Rohingya people asylum seekers who arrived by boat on Monday. The Indonesian Navy confirms that it had turned the boats away. ](/news/2015/05/11/malaysia-detains-over-a-thousand-bangladeshi-and-rohingya-people-asylum-seekers-who-arrived-by-boat-on-monday-the-indonesian-navy-confirms.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Malaysia, Rohingya_
2. [Malaysia bans the recruitment of foreign workers after protests over plans to recruit 1.5 million people from Bangladesh. ](/news/2016/03/13/malaysia-bans-the-recruitment-of-foreign-workers-after-protests-over-plans-to-recruit-1-5-million-people-from-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Malaysia_
3. [Authorities in Malaysia find mass graves in more than a dozen camps near the border with Thailand where Rohingya migrants are held. ](/news/2015/05/24/authorities-in-malaysia-find-mass-graves-in-more-than-a-dozen-camps-near-the-border-with-thailand-where-rohingya-migrants-are-held.md) _Context: Malaysia, Rohingya_
4. [  Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have-traveled-to-south-east-a.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya_
5. [Bangladesh detains five Rohingya Muslims who fled fighting between Buddhists and Muslims in Burma. ](/news/2012/11/11/bangladesh-detains-five-rohingya-muslims-who-fled-fighting-between-buddhists-and-muslims-in-burma.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya_
6. [Humanitarian group Mdecins Sans Frontires accuses Bangladesh of a "crackdown" on Muslim Rohingya refugees from Burma. ](/news/2010/02/18/humanitarian-group-medecins-sans-frontieres-accuses-bangladesh-of-a-crackdown-on-muslim-rohingya-refugees-from-burma.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya_
7. [ Bangladesh says it will repatriate 9,000 Rohingya refugees staying at camps in the country back to Burma. ](/news/2009/12/29/bangladesh-says-it-will-repatriate-9-000-rohingya-refugees-staying-at-camps-in-the-country-back-to-burma.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Rohingya_
8. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Rohingya_
9. [A garment factory boiler explosion in Dhaka, Bangladesh, kills 10 people and injures dozens. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-garment-factory-boiler-explosion-in-dhaka-bangladesh-kills-10-people-and-injures-dozens.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
