### [2015-05-14](/news/2015/05/14/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/13/politics/saudi-arabia-gcc-summit-obama-camp-david/)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Gulf Cooperation Council, Iran, President_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President, White House_
3. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, White House_
4. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President_
5. [King Salman of Saudi Arabia will not meet with President of the United States Barack Obama at Camp David or at a summit meeting sending senior Ministers instead reportedly due to disagreement over a nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/05/10/king-salman-of-saudi-arabia-will-not-meet-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-camp-david-or-at-a-summit-meeting-sending-seni.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-partial-shutdown-of-government-agencies-after-the-hou.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, White House_
7. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President_
8. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, White House_
9. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, White House_
10. [The second inauguration of Barack Obama as the President of the United States takes place in the Blue Room of the White House. ](/news/2013/01/20/the-second-inauguration-of-barack-obama-as-the-president-of-the-united-states-takes-place-in-the-blue-room-of-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, White House_
