### [2002-05-5](/news/2002/05/5/index.md)

#  Jacques Chirac wins the French presidential elections with 82.21% of the vote to 17.79% for Jean-Marie Le Pen, the turnout was 79.71%. Chirac appoints Jean-Pierre Raffarin as his prime minister, replacing Lionel Jospin.




### Related:

1. [ In France, the Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin resigns following the country's rejection of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. In an expected move, President Jacques Chirac appoints Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin to succeed him. ](/news/2005/05/31/in-france-the-prime-minister-jean-pierre-raffarin-resigns-following-the-country-s-rejection-of-the-treaty-establishing-a-constitution-for.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, Jean-Pierre Raffarin_
2. [ French President Jacques Chirac retains his prime minister, Jean-Pierre Raffarin, but asks Raffarin to reform the country's government. ](/news/2004/03/30/french-president-jacques-chirac-retains-his-prime-minister-jean-pierre-raffarin-but-asks-raffarin-to-reform-the-country-s-government.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, Jean-Pierre Raffarin_
3. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
4. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
5. [The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-trial-of-former-french-president-jacques-chirac-on-embezzlement-charges-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
6. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
7. [France's National Front confirms 42-year-old Marine Le Pen as party leader, succeeding her father Jean-Marie Le Pen. ](/news/2011/01/16/france-s-national-front-confirms-42-year-old-marine-le-pen-as-party-leader-succeeding-her-father-jean-marie-le-pen.md) _Context: Jean-Marie Le Pen_
8. [European politicians, including Jean-Marie Le Pen and Adam Walker, visit Yasukuni Shrine in Chiyoda, Tokyo; visits to this shrine have traditionally been a sensitive point in international politics between Japan, Korea, and China. ](/news/2010/08/14/european-politicians-including-jean-marie-le-pen-and-adam-walker-visit-yasukuni-shrine-in-chiyoda-tokyo-visits-to-this-shrine-have-tradi.md) _Context: Jean-Marie Le Pen_
9. [ Former French President Jacques Chirac is ordered to stand trial on corruption charges. ](/news/2009/10/30/former-french-president-jacques-chirac-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
10. [ Former President of France Jacques Chirac is probed by a judge for alleged embezzlement of public funds when he was Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-probed-by-a-judge-for-alleged-embezzlement-of-public-funds-when-he-was-mayor-of-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
