### [2015-02-14](/news/2015/02/14/index.md)

# Canadian Police foil a planned Valentines Day massacre in Halifax, Nova Scotia. 

A group of &#39;murderous misfits&#39; planned to massacre as many people as possible in a Valentine&#39;s Day shooting spree that police foiled after an anonymous tip off.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/nova-scotia/randall-steven-shepherd-lindsay-kantha-souvannarath-charged-in-halifax-shooting-plot-1.2957685)
2. [Reuters via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/World/News/Canadian-misfits-planned-Valentines-Day-massacre-20150214)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoritie.md) _Context: Halifax, Nova Scotia, Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
2. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police kill 24-year-old Aaron Driver in Strathroy, Ontario. Driver was accused of supporting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and was believed to have been plotting an "imminent" attack against Canadians. ](/news/2016/08/10/royal-canadian-mounted-police-kill-24-year-old-aaron-driver-in-strathroy-ontario-driver-was-accused-of-supporting-the-islamic-state-of-ira.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
3. [At least five people are dead, one missing, and 21 rescued, from a tour boat carrying 27 people that sinks west of Vargas Island, off the coast of Tofino on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The RCMP is responsible for the missing person now that the search has been called off. ](/news/2015/10/25/at-least-five-people-are-dead-one-missing-and-21-rescued-from-a-tour-boat-carrying-27-people-that-sinks-west-of-vargas-island-off-the-co.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
4. [Canadian police arrest Justin Bourque, wanted for the alleged murder of three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and shooting two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. ](/news/2014/06/6/canadian-police-arrest-justin-bourque-wanted-for-the-alleged-murder-of-three-royal-canadian-mounted-police-officers-and-shooting-two-others.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
5. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police extend a national manhunt for a 24-year-old gunman who killed 3 police officers and wounded 2 others in a shootout in Moncton.](/news/2014/06/5/royal-canadian-mounted-police-extend-a-national-manhunt-for-a-24-year-old-gunman-who-killed-3-police-officers-and-wounded-2-others-in-a-shoo.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
6. [In the city of Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, an armed gunman shoots five RCMP officers, killing three. ](/news/2014/06/4/in-the-city-of-moncton-new-brunswick-canada-an-armed-gunman-shoots-five-rcmp-officers-killing-three.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
7. [Three men who escaped from a jail near Quebec City via helicopter on 7 June are recaptured by the RCMP in Montreal. ](/news/2014/06/22/three-men-who-escaped-from-a-jail-near-quebec-city-via-helicopter-on-7-june-are-recaptured-by-the-rcmp-in-montreal.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
8. [Rehtaeh Parsons, a 17-year-old Canadian gang-rape victim from Halifax, Novia Scotia, is taken off of life support and dies three days after a suicide attempt. Parson's claimed to have been raped when she was 15, she had been bullied ever since the alleged incident; officials with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the justice system are deciding whether to file charges. ](/news/2013/04/7/rehtaeh-parsons-a-17-year-old-canadian-gang-rape-victim-from-halifax-novia-scotia-is-taken-off-of-life-support-and-dies-three-days-after.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
9. [The Royal Canadian Mounted Police arrest and charge two men with plotting to disrupt a Toronto area train service in a plot claimed to be backed by al-Qaeda elements. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-royal-canadian-mounted-police-arrest-and-charge-two-men-with-plotting-to-disrupt-a-toronto-area-train-service-in-a-plot-claimed-to-be-ba.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
10. [Up to 7,000 police march on Yonge Street in Newmarket, Ontario, including some Royal Canadian Mounted Police and American officers, accompanied by thousands of spectators for the funeral procession for Canadian YRP police Constable Garrett Styles, killed when a 15-year-old underage driver accelerated during a traffic stop. ](/news/2011/07/5/up-to-7-000-police-march-on-yonge-street-in-newmarket-ontario-including-some-royal-canadian-mounted-police-and-american-officers-accompan.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
