### [2015-02-14](/news/2015/02/14/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/foreign-affairs/tony-abbott-issues-plea-for-bali-nine-pair-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran/story-fn59nm2j-1227219525312?nk=bcb20b4490987eedeba1f6c36af1a978)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Indonesia, Myuran Sukumaran, death penalty_
2. [ Australians Andrew Chan, 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, are sentenced to death by firing squad by an Indonesian court for their role in the Bali Nine heroin smuggling attempt. Fellow accused Martin Stephens, 29, and Michael Czugaj, 20, both receive life prison sentences. ](/news/2006/02/14/australians-andrew-chan-21-and-myuran-sukumaran-24-are-sentenced-to-death-by-firing-squad-by-an-indonesian-court-for-their-role-in-the.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Indonesia, Myuran Sukumaran_
3. [Two days before the one-year anniversary of the execution of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the ringleaders of the Bali Nine, member Michael Czugaj is discovered to be in possession of drugs in prison. ](/news/2016/04/27/two-days-before-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-the-ringleaders-of-the-bali-nine-member-mich.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Myuran Sukumaran_
4. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
5. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
6. [Malaysian Airlines Flight 370:Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak confirms that the plane debris recovered from Reunion Island on July 29 is from Flight 370. This is the first direct evidence that the missing March 2014 flight crashed. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says that the search for MH370 will continue. ](/news/2015/08/5/malaysian-airlines-flight-370-pmalaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-confirms-that-the-plane-debris-recovered-from-reunion-island-on-july-29.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
7. [Australia withdraws its ambassador after eight people including Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte, an Indonesian, four Nigerians, and two Australians, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are executed. ](/news/2015/04/29/australia-withdraws-its-ambassador-after-eight-people-including-brazilian-rodrigo-gularte-an-indonesian-four-nigerians-and-two-australian.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
8. [Indonesia executes eight convicted drug smugglers including Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte and the Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Filipina maid Mary Jane Veloso is given a last-minute reprieve.  ](/news/2015/04/28/indonesia-executes-eight-convicted-drug-smugglers-including-brazilian-rodrigo-gularte-and-the-bali-nine-duo-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
9. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott faces a possible leadership vote when the Parliament of Australia resumes sitting after backbencher Luke Simpkins announces that he will move a motion calling for a leadership spill. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-faces-a-possible-leadership-vote-when-the-parliament-of-australia-resumes-sitting-after-backbenc.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
10. [The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo says the execution of 11 convicts from overseas, most on drug charges, will not be delayed. A court has rejected the appeals of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, two Australians on death row. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-says-the-execution-of-11-convicts-from-overseas-most-on-drug-charges-will-not-be-delayed-a-court-h.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
