### [2015-02-14](/news/2015/02/14/index.md)

# Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United Arab Emirates suspends its embassy operations in Yemen due to security concerns surrounding the recent Shiite Houthi rebel take over of the country. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150214-uae-evacuates-embassy-staff-yemen-capital/)

### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-y.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
3. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-h.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
4. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sit.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
5. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Al Qaeda militants kill at least 13 Yemeni government troops near the city of Mukalla. ](/news/2016/05/12/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-al-qaeda-militants-kill-at-least-13-yemeni-government-troops-near-the-city-of-mukalla.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
6. [Houthi insurgency in Yemen. Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, the United Nations special envoy for Yemen, says he welcomes the tentative truce that started at midnight Yemen time. The truce opens unhindered access for relief aid to all of Yemen. Peace talks are set to start later this month. ](/news/2016/04/11/houthi-insurgency-in-yemen-yemeni-crisis-2011-present-ismail-ould-cheikh-ahmed-the-united-nations-special-envoy-for-yemen-says-he-we.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United Nations advises that Yemeni peace talks will start on December 15. ](/news/2015/12/5/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-nations-advises-that-yemeni-peace-talks-will-start-on-december-15.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, Yemen_
