### [2011-01-12](/news/2011/01/12/index.md)

# Lebanon's Government led by Prime Minister Saad Hariri collapses following the withdrawal of Hezbollah. 




### Source:

1. [Fox news](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2011/01/11/lebanese-leader-says-deal-lebanon/?test=latestnews)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/hezbollah-collapses-lebanon-government-as-hariri-meets-obama/story-e6frg6so-1225986945027)

### Related:

1. [Political crisis in Lebanon:: Supporters of Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri call for a day of protests following Hezbollah's support for Najib Mikati as Prime Minister a new coalition government to replace that of Hariri, and igniting the possibility of clashes in the latest development in the crisis over a United Nations-backed tribunal investigating the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri, Saad Hariri's father. ](/news/2011/01/25/political-crisis-in-lebanon-supporters-of-lebanese-caretaker-prime-minister-saad-hariri-call-for-a-day-of-protests-following-hezbollah-s-s.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Saad Hariri_
2. [Lebanon's Prime Minister Saad Hariri visits Iran, seeking help to prevent violence if a U.N.-backed tribunal indicts Hezbollah members for killing former prime minister, Rafiq Hariri, and 21 others in a car bombing ](/news/2010/11/26/lebanon-s-prime-minister-saad-hariri-visits-iran-seeking-help-to-prevent-violence-if-a-u-n-backed-tribunal-indicts-hezbollah-members-for-k.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Saad Hariri_
3. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon_
4. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon_
5. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announces the formation of a unity government with Hezbollah. ](/news/2009/11/9/lebanese-prime-minister-saad-hariri-announces-the-formation-of-a-unity-government-with-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Saad Hariri_
6. [ Prime Minister-designate Saad Hariri steps aside in Lebanon. ](/news/2009/09/10/prime-minister-designate-saad-hariri-steps-aside-in-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon, Saad Hariri_
7. [ Saad al-Hariri is appointed the new Prime Minister of Lebanon. ](/news/2009/06/27/saad-al-hariri-is-appointed-the-new-prime-minister-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon, Saad Hariri_
8. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [ Syrian civil war: Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-in.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
