### [2011-01-12](/news/2011/01/12/index.md)

# The President of the United States Barack Obama addresses the nation about the 2011 Tucson shooting following a visit to Representative Gabrielle Giffords in hospital. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_CONGRESSWOMAN_SHOT_OBAMA?SITE=WVEC&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States House of Representatives_
5. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States House of Representatives_
6. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
7. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
