### [2013-02-13](/news/2013/02/13/index.md)

# A lawyer representing Barry Bonds appeals his obstruction of justice charge to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/sports/sportsnow/la-sp-sn-barry-bonds-appeals-20130213,0,2598572.story)

### Related:

1. [ An 11-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturns the 2011 conviction of all-time Major League Baseball home run leader Barry Bonds on obstruction of justice charges stemming from the BALCO doping scandal. ](/news/2015/04/22/an-11-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-overturns-the-2011-conviction-of-all-time-major-league-baseball-home-run-leade.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel, obstruction of justice charges_
2. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
3. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
4. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
5. [The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-holds-a-hearing-by-telephone-for-the-u-s-justice-department-and-plaintiffs-states-of-washington-and-m.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
6. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
8. [A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment,  cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws.  ](/news/2016/08/16/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-money-to-prosecute.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
9. [The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules there is no Second Amendment protection for concealed weapons, upholding a California law that does not consider "general self-defense" sufficient for a license. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-9th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-there-is-no-second-amendment-protection-for-concealed-weapons-upholding-a-california-law-that-d.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
10. [The U.S. Supreme Court's even split among the current eight justices turns down a group of California teachers' challenge to agency fees public sector unions representing government employees charge employees for collective bargaining costs, whether or not they choose to join the union. Twenty-four other states and the District of Columbia have a similar provision. The ninth circuit federal appellate court ruling in the union's favor stands. Employees challenging the law may bring the appeal again, once the vacancy on the nation's highest court is filled. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-s-even-split-among-the-current-eight-justices-turns-down-a-group-of-california-teachers-challenge-to-agency-fees-pub.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel_
