### [2013-02-13](/news/2013/02/13/index.md)

# Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. 

Assault on al-Jarrah airfield in Aleppo comes a day after opposition seized a key dam.


### Source:

1. [AP via USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/02/12/syria-rebels-aleppo-air-base/1912215/)

### Related:

1. [Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third-of-rebel-controlled-eastern-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, military_
3. [Syrian Armed Forces have captured the entire Hanano district in eastern Aleppo and are working on removing mines and improvised explosive devices from the district, while the rebels blame lack of hospitals for collapsing defences. ](/news/2016/11/27/syrian-armed-forces-have-captured-the-entire-hanano-district-in-eastern-aleppo-and-are-working-on-removing-mines-and-improvised-explosive-de.md) _Context: Aleppo, military_
4. [Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. ](/news/2016/11/26/government-forces-have-captured-most-of-hanano-the-largest-rebel-controlled-district-in-eastern-aleppo-and-have-begun-pushing-into-neighbo.md) _Context: Aleppo, military_
5. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian rebels_
6. [The High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-geneva-switzerland-a-day.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian rebels_
7. [Islamist rebel groups in Aleppo denounce what they call a "conspiratorial project" and the new Syrian opposition, and say they seek to establish an "Islamic state". ](/news/2012/11/20/islamist-rebel-groups-in-aleppo-denounce-what-they-call-a-conspiratorial-project-and-the-new-syrian-opposition-and-say-they-seek-to-estab.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian rebels_
8. [Syrian armed forces continue to shell the city of Hama and at least 59 civilians are reported killed across Syria, in Idlib, Homs, Hama, Daraa, Lattakia, Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2012/03/22/syrian-armed-forces-continue-to-shell-the-city-of-hama-and-at-least-59-civilians-are-reported-killed-across-syria-in-idlib-homs-hama-dar.md) _Context: Aleppo, military_
9. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian rebels_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: military_
