### [2013-02-13](/news/2013/02/13/index.md)

# South Airlines Flight 8971: An Antonov An-24 aircraft carrying 44 passengers and 8 crew members crash lands near the Eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, killing 4 people on board and injuring 8 others. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.ria.ru/world/20130213/179450006.html)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
2. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
3. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
4. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
5. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
6. [A Ukrainian military spokesman says three of its soldiers were killed by a mortar attack in the country's east, the heaviest toll reported in the region in nearly two months. ](/news/2016/04/20/a-ukrainian-military-spokesman-says-three-of-its-soldiers-were-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-the-country-s-east-the-heaviest-toll-reported-i.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
7. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
8. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij  Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found  on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to  the remains.  ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
9. [Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk-region-in-easter.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
10. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
