### [2013-02-13](/news/2013/02/13/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. 

Assault on al-Jarrah airfield in Aleppo comes a day after opposition seized a key dam.


### Source:

1. [AP via USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/02/12/syria-rebels-aleppo-air-base/1912215/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, military_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. ](/news/2016/11/26/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-government-forces-have-captured-most-of-hanano-the-largest-rebel-controlled-district-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, military_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
5. [Syrian civil war:: Islamist rebel groups in Aleppo denounce what they call a "conspiratorial project" and the new Syrian opposition, and say they seek to establish an "Islamic state". ](/news/2012/11/20/syrian-civil-war-islamist-rebel-groups-in-aleppo-denounce-what-they-call-a-conspiratorial-project-and-the-new-syrian-opposition-and-say.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
8. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing: A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike: An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-tow.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
