### [2013-02-13](/news/2013/02/13/index.md)

# The U.S. administration's nominee to become next Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew, testifies before the financial committee of the United States Senate at the start of his confirmation hearing. 




### Source:

1. [United States Senate Finance Committee](http://www.finance.senate.gov/hearings/hearing/?id=1083a871-5056-a032-52b5-b261283abdf2)

### Related:

1. [Jack Lew, the U.S. Treasury Secretary, speaks to Wang Yang, vice premier of the People's Republic of China, and expresses U.S. approval of China's new, wider, daily trading band for its renminbi.  ](/news/2014/03/15/jack-lew-the-u-s-treasury-secretary-speaks-to-wang-yang-vice-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-expresses-u-s-approval-of-c.md) _Context: Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary_
2. [The United States Senate confirms Jack Lew as the Secretary of the Treasury. ](/news/2013/02/27/the-united-states-senate-confirms-jack-lew-as-the-secretary-of-the-treasury.md) _Context: Jack Lew, United States Senate_
3. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: U.S., United States Senate_
4. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: United States Senate_
6. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
