### [2005-04-10](/news/2005/04/10/index.md)

#  The Mainland Affairs Council of the Republic of China (Taiwan) bans reporters from the People's Daily and Xinhua from Taiwan, saying the mainland's state-controlled media "tried to present their people with a distorted image of Taiwan". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4431461.stm)

### Related:

1. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: Taiwan, Xinhua_
2. [Wang Yu-chi resigns as Taiwan's Minister of the Mainland Affairs Council responsible for maintaining relations with the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2015/02/10/wang-yu-chi-resigns-as-taiwan-s-minister-of-the-mainland-affairs-council-responsible-for-maintaining-relations-with-the-people-s-republic-of.md) _Context: Mainland Affairs Council, Taiwan_
3. [ The premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan), Liu Chao-shiuan, and his cabinet resign due to criticism and public anger over the slow handling of the disaster during Typhoon Morakot. ](/news/2009/09/7/the-premier-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-liu-chao-shiuan-and-his-cabinet-resign-due-to-criticism-and-public-anger-over-the-slow-hand.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
4. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) distributes shopping vouchers to all its 22.7 million citizens as part of a US$2.53-billion plan to stimulate the economy. ](/news/2009/01/18/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-distributes-shopping-vouchers-to-all-its-22-7-million-citizens-as-part-of-a-us-2-53-billion-plan-to-stimulat.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
5. [ Cross-Strait relations:: The government of the Republic of China, more commonly known as Taiwan, has announced the name change of a number of state-owned enterprises, including Chunghwa Telecom, Chunghwa Post, China Shipbuilding Corporation and Chinese Petroleum Corporation to use the name Taiwan in their titles. ](/news/2007/02/9/cross-strait-relations-the-government-of-the-republic-of-china-more-commonly-known-as-taiwan-has-announced-the-name-change-of-a-number.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
6. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)-Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China-change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
7. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
8. [ The President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui-bian will be accompanied by his foreign minister as well as Roman Catholic and Muslim religious figures for the trip to attend the funeral of Pope John Paul II. ](/news/2005/04/7/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-will-be-accompanied-by-his-foreign-minister-as-well-as-roman-catholic-and-mu.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
9. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
10. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
