### [2004-05-6](/news/2004/05/6/index.md)

#  It is announced that John Scarlett is to succeed Sir Richard Dearlove as the head of the Secret Intelligence Service with Dearlove becoming master of Pembroke College at Cambridge University. Scarlett is the first head of the SIS ever to have a current photograph published.




### Related:

1. [ The head of MI6 John Scarlett denies complicity in the alleged torture of British detainee Binyam Mohamed, as the government rejects calls for an inquiry. ](/news/2009/08/10/the-head-of-mi6-john-scarlett-denies-complicity-in-the-alleged-torture-of-british-detainee-binyam-mohamed-as-the-government-rejects-calls.md) _Context: John Scarlett, Secret Intelligence Service_
2. [Researchers from the University of Cambridge suggest that the "Chilesaurus" may be the so-called "missing link" between the "Stegosaurus" and the "Tyrannosaurus". ](/news/2017/08/16/researchers-from-the-university-of-cambridge-suggest-that-the-chilesaurus-may-be-the-so-called-missing-link-between-the-stegosaurus-an.md) _Context: University of Cambridge_
3. [Italy recalls its ambassador to Egypt for consultations in protest over the lack of progress in a probe into the fate of murdered Cambridge University student Giulio Regeni. "We want only one thing, the truth about what happened to Giulio," Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Friday. ](/news/2016/04/8/italy-recalls-its-ambassador-to-egypt-for-consultations-in-protest-over-the-lack-of-progress-in-a-probe-into-the-fate-of-murdered-cambridge.md) _Context: University of Cambridge_
4. [A researcher at the University of Cambridge predicts that in about four years, the Arctic polar ice cap will melt completely during the summer months. ](/news/2012/09/21/a-researcher-at-the-university-of-cambridge-predicts-that-in-about-four-years-the-arctic-polar-ice-cap-will-melt-completely-during-the-summ.md) _Context: University of Cambridge_
5. [Coroner Fiona Wilcox states that Secret Intelligence Service officer Gareth Williams was "on the balance of probabilities" unlawfully killed and that it is unlikely he found his way all by himself into the padlocked red sports bag in which his body was found in the bath at his home. ](/news/2012/05/2/coroner-fiona-wilcox-states-that-secret-intelligence-service-officer-gareth-williams-was-on-the-balance-of-probabilities-unlawfully-killed.md) _Context: Secret Intelligence Service_
6. [A British government pathologist suggests Secret Intelligence Service officer Gareth Williams "possibly died" from poisoning or asphyxiation. ](/news/2012/04/30/a-british-government-pathologist-suggests-secret-intelligence-service-officer-gareth-williams-possibly-died-from-poisoning-or-asphyxiation.md) _Context: Secret Intelligence Service_
7. [The sister of MI6 officer Gareth Williams, found dead in his flat, tells his inquest that he had been a "scrupulous risk-assessor" and only let "vetted" people into his home. ](/news/2012/04/23/the-sister-of-mi6-officer-gareth-williams-found-dead-in-his-flat-tells-his-inquest-that-he-had-been-a-scrupulous-risk-assessor-and-only.md) _Context: Secret Intelligence Service_
8. [Newly released cables document an alleged al-Qaeda "assassin" working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) while suspected of bombing Christian churches and a hotel in Pakistan. ](/news/2011/04/26/newly-released-cables-document-an-alleged-al-qaeda-assassin-working-for-the-british-secret-intelligence-service-mi6-while-suspected-of-b.md) _Context: Secret Intelligence Service_
9. [ The University of Cambridge successfully acquires a collection of Siegfried Sassoon's personal papers for GBP1.25 million, following a six-month fundraising campaign. ](/news/2009/12/31/the-university-of-cambridge-successfully-acquires-a-collection-of-siegfried-sassoon-s-personal-papers-for-agbp1-25-million-following-a-six.md) _Context: University of Cambridge_
10. [ Sir John Sawers is named head of MI6. ](/news/2009/06/16/sir-john-sawers-is-named-head-of-mi6.md) _Context: Secret Intelligence Service_
