### [2004-05-6](/news/2004/05/6/index.md)

#  Over U.S. and Israeli objections, the UN General Assembly votes 140-6, with 11 abstentions, to adopt a resolution that affirms the Palestinians' right of sovereignty over the territories seized by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/news/archive/2004/05/06/international2056EDT0853.DTL)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/424173.html)
3. [Philadelphia Inquirer](http://www.philly.com/mld/inquirer/news/nation/8598953.htm?1c)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5067152)
4. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned. Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment. Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinians_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in a formal visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories, states that "Palestinians deserve a state of their own". ](/news/2013/03/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-a-formal-visit-to-israel-and-the-palestinian-territories-states-that-palestinians-deserve-a-state-of-their.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinians_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint session of the United States Congress and says he is prepared to make "far-reaching compromises" for a peace deal with Palestinians, but states that Israel will not return to its pre-1967 borders. ](/news/2011/05/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-addresses-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-and-says-he-is-prepared-to-make-far-reach.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Six Day War_
4. [ President George W. Bush calls for Israel to withdraw to her borders prior to the Six Day War of 1967, and to give the occupied territories to the Palestinians for a homeland. ([http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-4061451,00.html Guardian Unlimited])](/news/2004/05/6/president-george-w-bush-calls-for-israel-to-withdraw-to-her-borders-prior-to-the-six-day-war-of-1967-and-to-give-the-occupied-territories.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians, Six Day War_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
6. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
7. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
8. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
