### [2004-05-6](/news/2004/05/6/index.md)

#  The United States Senate votes (95-3) to approve John Negroponte as the head of the new U.S. embassy in Iraq despite concerns over his role in allegedly supporting widespread campaigns of terror and human rights abuses as ambassador of Honduras in the 1980s. 

The Senate on Thursday easily confirmed John D. Negroponte as the first U.S. ambassador to postwar Iraq, with senators stressing that his job had become &quot;exponentially&quot; more difficult because of the...


### Source:

1. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=04/04/28/1449257)
2. [IPS](http://www.commondreams.org/headlines04/0430-03.htm)
3. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-negroponte7may07,1,5504289.story?coll=la-home-world)
4. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Iraq.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
2. [ The United States Senate fails to pass a bill providing more home leave to United States troops in Iraq with the necessary 60 percent margin with 56 for and 44 against. ](/news/2007/09/19/the-united-states-senate-fails-to-pass-a-bill-providing-more-home-leave-to-united-states-troops-in-iraq-with-the-necessary-60-percent-margi.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
3. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
4. [ The United States Senate states there is no evidence of formal links between Iraqi ex-leader Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda leaders in Iraq prior to the 2003 Iraq War. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-united-states-senate-states-there-is-no-evidence-of-formal-links-between-iraqi-ex-leader-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-leaders-in-iraq-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
5. [ Jean Ziegler, a Human rights investigator and senior United Nations official, has accuses the United States and occupying forces of "using hunger and deprivation of water as a weapon of war against the civilian population" in Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/15/jean-ziegler-a-human-rights-investigator-and-senior-united-nations-official-has-accuses-the-united-states-and-occupying-forces-of-using.md) _Context: Human rights, Iraq_
6. [ Amnesty International has urged foreign governments to investigate high level US government officials for human rights violations committed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay.](/news/2005/05/30/amnesty-international-has-urged-foreign-governments-to-investigate-high-level-us-government-officials-for-human-rights-violations-committed.md) _Context: Human rights, Iraq_
7. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
8. [ A United States Senate probe releases evidence showing two prominent British and French politicians received vouchers for millions of barrels of Iraqi oil in exchange for their support of Saddam Hussein's regime. George Galloway is accused of using the Mariam Appeal, the children's leukemia charity he founded, to conceal the transfer of 3 million barrels of oil, although he denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-united-states-senate-probe-releases-evidence-showing-two-prominent-british-and-french-politicians-received-vouchers-for-millions-of-barre.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
9. [ U.S. Ambassador John Negroponte confirms there is an investigation into the alleged loss or transfer of $300 million USD to a Beirut bank by Iraqi interim Defence Minister, Hazim al-Shaalan to purchase arms. ](/news/2005/01/23/u-s-ambassador-john-negroponte-confirms-there-is-an-investigation-into-the-alleged-loss-or-transfer-of-300-million-usd-to-a-beirut-bank-b.md) _Context: Iraq, John Negroponte_
10. [ The chairman of the United States Senate subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific affairs said United Nation Security Council should debate the issue about abduction of Japanese citizens by North Korea as a question of human rights.](/news/2003/03/5/the-chairman-of-the-united-states-senate-subcommittee-on-east-asian-and-pacific-affairs-said-united-nation-security-council-should-debate-t.md) _Context: Human rights, United States Senate_
