
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.json)  [XML](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.xml)  

### [2015-12-20](/news/2015/12/20/index.md)

##### Syrian Civil War
# A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. 




### Sources:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-airstrikes-idUSKBN0U30JV20151220)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-jaramana-idUSKBN0U301G20151220)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151220&t=2&i=1103713608&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEBBJ0HT)

### Changes:

1. [Syrian Civil War: A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ Hezbollah transfers the bodies of captured Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for the Lebanese convicted murderer Samir Kuntar, four other Hezbollah militants captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War (Khaled Zidan, Maher Kurani, Mohammed Sarur and Hussein Suleiman), and the bodies of 200 Lebanese and Palestinians.](/news/2008/07/16/hezbollah-transfers-the-bodies-of-captured-israeli-soldiers-ehud-goldwasser-and-eldad-regev-in-exchange-for-the-lebanese-convicted-murder.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Samir Kuntar_
4. [ In an interview with the Financial Times, a Hezbollah leader announces that the group would be willing to discuss potential disarmament after Israel withdraws from the Shebaa Farms. Lebanon and Syria maintain that the Shebaa Farms are Lebanese territory, while the rest of the world community insists that the farms are part of the Golan Heights, thus part of Syrian territory occupied by Israel. [http:--news.ft.com-cms-s-b54a17a8-a781-11d9-9744-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-562751.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:29, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/8/in-an-interview-with-the-financial-times-a-hezbollah-leader-announces-that-the-group-would-be-willing-to-discuss-potential-disarmament-aft.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Syria_
5. [ Hezbollah official Ghalib Awali is killed in an explosion in Beirut, Lebanon. The governments of Syria and Lebanon blame Israel. A statement attributed to underground Sunni Muslim group Jund as-Sham claims responsibility for the attack against "Shiite infidels"; later, the group denies involvement in the bombing and proclaims its solidarity with Shiites and Hezbollah. ](/news/2004/07/19/hezbollah-official-ghalib-awali-is-killed-in-an-explosion-in-beirut-lebanon-the-governments-of-syria-and-lebanon-blame-israel-a-statemen.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Syria_
