### [2015-12-20](/news/2015/12/20/index.md)

# Iranian legislative election, 2016 Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be  a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14  landmark nuclear deal. 

The lifting of sanctions is on the horizon, but also parliamentary elections in February 2016. At the same time, Iran is provoking the West with new missile tests. Iran analyst Ali Vaez explains Tehran&#39;s strategy.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/upcoming-iran-elections-after-nuclear-deal-may-have-consequences-for-years-to-come/a-18926340)
2. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/registration-starts-for-iran-parliamentary-election/2015/12/19/f368f9b8-a659-11e5-8318-bd8caed8c588_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
2. [Counting of votes begins in Iran after polling hours in yesterday's election were extended by six hours due to a heavy turnout. Reports indicate that reformist candidates are doing well in the early count.  ](/news/2016/02/27/counting-of-votes-begins-in-iran-after-polling-hours-in-yesterday-s-election-were-extended-by-six-hours-due-to-a-heavy-turnout-reports-indi.md) _Context: Elections in Iran, Iran, Iranian legislative election, 2016_
3. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: Iran, Islamic Consultative Assembly, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
4. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
5. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
6. [Hassan Rouhani, President-elect of Iran, criticizes the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) over its news censorship of the Syrian civil war and the 2009-10 election protests. He also says Iran needs a cautious approach in its foreign policy. ](/news/2013/06/30/hassan-rouhani-president-elect-of-iran-criticizes-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-broadcasting-irib-over-its-news-censorship-of-the-syrian.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
7. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
8. [The Iranian ministry of interior sets 14 June 2013 as the date of the next presidential election, for a successor of current president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. For the first time, this election is to be held on the same date as the next municipal elections. ](/news/2012/09/7/the-iranian-ministry-of-interior-sets-14-june-2013-as-the-date-of-the-next-presidential-election-for-a-successor-of-current-president-mahm.md) _Context: Elections in Iran, Iran, Iranian President_
9. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly starts questioning the President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his handling of the economy. ](/news/2012/03/14/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-starts-questioning-the-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-on-his-handling-of-the-economy.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Islamic Consultative Assembly_
10. [Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman-of-astan-quds-razavi-ebrahim-raisi-an.md) _Context: Guardian Council, Hassan Rouhani_
