### [2015-12-20](/news/2015/12/20/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-airstrikes-idUSKBN0U30JV20151220)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-jaramana-idUSKBN0U301G20151220)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Zabadani (2015). Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-zabadani-2015-fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefi.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War:. At least four people are killed as Hezbollah clashes with Syrian rebels on the border between Lebanon and Syria. ](/news/2014/07/13/syrian-civil-war-at-least-four-people-are-killed-as-hezbollah-clashes-with-syrian-rebels-on-the-border-between-lebanon-and-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War:. A suicide bomber kills 4 people and injures 26 in the Lebanese town of Hermel, a Hezbollah stronghold near the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/01/16/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomber-kills-4-people-and-injures-26-in-the-lebanese-town-of-hermel-a-hezbollah-stronghold-near-the-syrian-bor.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian civil war:. Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/syrian-civil-war-israeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-miss.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war:. Israeli forces, in a second attack in as many days, bomb a weapons shipment of sophisticated missiles suspected as being transported from Syria to Hezbollah in Lebanon. ](/news/2013/05/4/syrian-civil-war-israeli-forces-in-a-second-attack-in-as-many-days-bomb-a-weapons-shipment-of-sophisticated-missiles-suspected-as-being.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War:. Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/syrian-civil-war-friends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:. Israeli forces attack an arms convoy on the Lebanon-Syria border overnight destined from Syria to Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/01/30/syrian-civil-war-israeli-forces-attack-an-arms-convoy-on-the-lebanon-syria-border-overnight-destined-from-syria-to-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ Hezbollah transfers the bodies of captured Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for the Lebanese convicted murderer Samir Kuntar, four other Hezbollah militants captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War (Khaled Zidan, Maher Kurani, Mohammed Sarur and Hussein Suleiman), and the bodies of 200 Lebanese and Palestinians.](/news/2008/07/16/hezbollah-transfers-the-bodies-of-captured-israeli-soldiers-ehud-goldwasser-and-eldad-regev-in-exchange-for-the-lebanese-convicted-murder.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Samir Kuntar_
10. [ In an interview with the Financial Times, a Hezbollah leader announces that the group would be willing to discuss potential disarmament after Israel withdraws from the Shebaa Farms. Lebanon and Syria maintain that the Shebaa Farms are Lebanese territory, while the rest of the world community insists that the farms are part of the Golan Heights, thus part of Syrian territory occupied by Israel. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/b54a17a8-a781-11d9-9744-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562751.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:29, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/8/in-an-interview-with-the-financial-times-a-hezbollah-leader-announces-that-the-group-would-be-willing-to-discuss-potential-disarmament-aft.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Syria_
