### [2015-12-20](/news/2015/12/20/index.md)

# Thousands, including families, children, and miners from around the country, march from Knottingley to North Yorkshire to mark the end of deep coal mining in the United Kingdom. The last facility, Kellingley Colliery in Beal, North Yorkshire, closed down, Friday, 18 December 2015. The march was organized by two miners' wives to pay tribute to this industry. 

More than three thousand people united in a march to mark the closure of Kellingley Colliery’s mine in North Yorkshire and the end of British deep coal mining. Families, children and miners from around the country joined the march - which folllowed the mine&#039;s final working day on Friday - from Knottingley Town Hall in West Yorkshire to the Kellingley Miners Welfare social club. People lined the streets in support, cheering and applauding as the miners walked the mile-long route.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-35144942)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/kellingley-colliery-miners-march-in-final-farewell-to-the-last-coal-mine-and-british-mining-a6780301.html)

### Related:

1. [One miner is killed and another injured following an underground roof collapse at Kellingley Colliery in North Yorkshire, one of the United Kingdom's deepest remaining mines. ](/news/2011/09/27/one-miner-is-killed-and-another-injured-following-an-underground-roof-collapse-at-kellingley-colliery-in-north-yorkshire-one-of-the-united.md) _Context: Kellingley Colliery, North Yorkshire_
2. [ In the UK, flash flooding severely affected several North Yorkshire villages and towns, including Thirsk, Helmsley and Hawnby, when the rivers Swale and Rye burst their banks.](/news/2005/06/19/in-the-uk-flash-flooding-severely-affected-several-north-yorkshire-villages-and-towns-including-thirsk-helmsley-and-hawnby-when-the-riv.md) _Context: North Yorkshire, United Kingdom_
3. [Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-order-to-reduce-air-pollution.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
4. [A United Kingdom court blocks a PS14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-aps14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
5. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
