### [2015-12-20](/news/2015/12/20/index.md)

# Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. 

The Sanders campaign says they &quot;are still assessing the situation.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-12-20/bill-clinton-to-hit-the-campaign-trail-in-january)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/sanders-campaign-suspends-two-more-staffers-over-clinton-data-breach-n483411)

### Related:

1. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate, Vermont, presidential campaign_
2. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate, Vermont, presidential campaign_
3. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate, Vermont_
4. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate, Vermont_
5. [Nominally independent Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont announces that he will be seeking the Democratic Party nomination in the US Presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/29/nominally-independent-senator-bernie-sanders-from-vermont-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-in-the-us-presid.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont, presidential campaign_
6. [Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, and the Governor of Indiana Mike Pence hold the first and only vice-presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. ](/news/2016/10/4/democratic-senator-tim-kaine-and-the-governor-of-indiana-mike-pence-hold-the-first-and-only-vice-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate_
7. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, presidential campaign_
8. [Presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton selects Senator Tim Kaine (Virginia) as her vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/22/presumptive-democratic-party-presidential-nominee-hillary-clinton-selects-senator-tim-kaine-virginia-as-her-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate_
9. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate_
10. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate_
