### [2011-11-6](/news/2011/11/6/index.md)

# The two leading Greek political parties reach an agreement to form a coalition government with the Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou to resign once the new government is formed. 

The deal gives Europe a steadier partner as it works to avert a larger financial crisis on the continent.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/greece-reaches-agreement-on-unity-government-papandreou-will-resign/2011/11/06/gIQAaNQ6sM_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou announces that he will resign as head of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. ](/news/2012/01/4/former-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-head-of-the-panhellenic-socialist-movement.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
2. [The Hellenic Parliament rejects a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou following a failed attempt to hold a referendum on a Eurozone bailout. ](/news/2011/11/4/the-hellenic-parliament-rejects-a-no-confidence-motion-against-the-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-following-a-failed-attempt-to.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
3. [Greek economic referendum:The Greek Cabinet unanimously supports plans by Prime Minister George Papandreou to hold a referendum on the European Union's proposed economic rescue plan. ](/news/2011/11/2/greek-economic-referendum-pthe-greek-cabinet-unanimously-supports-plans-by-prime-minister-george-papandreou-to-hold-a-referendum-on-the-euro.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
4. [The Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou calls a referendum on the new European Union debt deal. ](/news/2011/10/31/the-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-calls-a-referendum-on-the-new-european-union-debt-deal.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
5. [2010-2011 Greek protests: Nationwide protests continue as Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou attempts to pass new cuts in public spending. ](/news/2011/06/22/2010a2011-greek-protests-nationwide-protests-continue-as-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-attempts-to-pass-new-cuts-in-public-s.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
6. [Greeks vote in local elections with the Prime Minister George Papandreou threatening to dissolve parliament if his party does not fare well. Early results show that the PASOK is doing well making an early election less likely. ](/news/2010/11/7/greeks-vote-in-local-elections-with-the-prime-minister-george-papandreou-threatening-to-dissolve-parliament-if-his-party-does-not-fare-well.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
7. [The Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou does well in a second round of municipal elections including its candidates elected as mayors of Athens and Thessaloniki. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-panhellenic-socialist-movement-pasok-of-greek-prime-minister-george-papandreou-does-well-in-a-second-round-of-municipal-elections-incl.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
8. [Greek protests against austerity:Police tear gas people in Thessaloniki as tens of thousands of people protest against Prime Minister George Papandreou's austerity plans. ](/news/2010/09/11/greek-protests-against-austerity-ppolice-tear-gas-people-in-thessaloniki-as-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-against-prime-minister-georg.md) _Context: George Papandreou, Greek Prime Minister_
9. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not  life threatening.  ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
10. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
