### [2006-07-31](/news/2006/07/31/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. 




### Source:

1. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/5229920.stm)
2. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5229058.stm)
3. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5230192.stm)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/)
5. [CTV NEWS](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060728/israel_lebanon_060731/20060731?hub=TopStories)
6. [Israel National News](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news.php3?id=108794)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Israel has rebuffed a UN call for an international monitoring force to be deployed in Lebanon as it continued to attack the country.](/news/2006/07/17/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-israel-has-rebuffed-a-un-call-for-an-international-monitoring-force-to-be-deployed-in-lebanon-as-it-continued.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel, Lebanon_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: US President George W. Bush has said he will urge Israel to avoid civilian casualties in its attacks on Lebanon, but he's "not going to make military decisions for Israel". ](/news/2006/07/14/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-us-president-george-w-bush-has-said-he-will-urge-israel-to-avoid-civilian-casualties-in-its-attacks-on-lebano.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel, Lebanon_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Haifa city is hit by rocket artillery fired from Lebanon. Israeli Ambassador to the US Daniel Ayalon describes the unprecedented strike on Haifa as a "major, major escalation" by Hezbollah. ](/news/2006/07/13/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-haifa-city-is-hit-by-rocket-artillery-fired-from-lebanon-israeli-ambassador-to-the-us-daniel-ayalon-describes.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel, Lebanon_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
5. [ Israel's  Foreign Ministry  announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. ](/news/2016/12/27/israel-s-foreign-ministry-announces-that-it-is-reducing-ties-with-some-of-the-un-security-council-countries-that-voted-to-pass-united-n.md) _Context: Israel, UN Security Council_
6. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
7. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [Two rockets are  launched at Israel from Lebanon. Israel fires  20 artillery shells into Lebanon in retaliation. ](/news/2013/12/29/two-rockets-are-launched-at-israel-from-lebanon-israel-fires-20-artillery-shells-into-lebanon-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
9. [Four Israeli soldiers are wounded by a landmine near the Lebanese border. ](/news/2013/08/7/four-israeli-soldiers-are-wounded-by-a-landmine-near-the-lebanese-border.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
10. [Israeli warplanes strike Na'ameh, Lebanon in response to rocket attacks. ](/news/2013/08/23/israeli-warplanes-strike-na-ameh-lebanon-in-response-to-rocket-attacks.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
