### [2006-07-31](/news/2006/07/31/index.md)

#  John Howard announces that he intends to stay on as Prime Minister of Australia until the 2007 election which he plans to contest as Leader of the Liberal Party of Australia. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/asiapcf/07/30/australia.howard.ap/)

### Related:

1. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/02/1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, Liberal Party_
2. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Liberal Party_
3. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Liberal Party_
4. [Malcolm Turnbull is sworn in as the Prime Minister of Australia following his election to the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia. ](/news/2015/09/15/malcolm-turnbull-is-sworn-in-as-the-prime-minister-of-australia-following-his-election-to-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Liberal Party_
5. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Liberal Party_
6. [Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. ](/news/2012/01/1/queen-elizabeth-ii-appoints-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-british-painter-david-hockney-to-the-order-of-merit.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
7. [An audience member throws shoes at former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard during an appearance on Q&A on ABC1. ](/news/2010/10/25/an-audience-member-throws-shoes-at-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-during-an-appearance-on-q-a-on-abc1.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
8. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
9. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
10. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard proposes a constitutional referendum recognising indigenous Australians in the Australian constitution, if he is reelected. ](/news/2007/10/11/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-proposes-a-constitutional-referendum-recognising-indigenous-australians-in-the-australian-const.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
