
Formats: [HTML](/news/2006/07/31/the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-54-lebanese-civilians-many-of.html)  [JSON](/news/2006/07/31/the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-54-lebanese-civilians-many-of.json)  [XML](/news/2006/07/31/the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-54-lebanese-civilians-many-of.xml)  

### [2006-07-31](/news/2006/07/31/index.md)

##### UN Security Council
#  The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/5229920.stm)
2. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5229058.stm)
3. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5230192.stm)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/)
5. [CTV NEWS](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060728/israel_lebanon_060731/20060731?hub=TopStories)
6. [Israel National News](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news.php3?id=108794)

### Changes:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis:: The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-5.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (First version)_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-5.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (Update)_
2. [ The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-54-lebanese-civilians-many-of.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http:--www.ctv.ca-servlet-ArticleNews-story-CTVNews-20060729-Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730-20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)] The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5229058.stm (BBC)] More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http:--www.cnn.com-2006-WORLD-meast-07-30-mideast.main-index.html (CNN)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5228224.stm (BBC)] Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http:--news.independent.co.uk-world-middle_east-article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"] 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http:--today.reuters.co.uk-news-newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]](/news/2006/07/30/israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon-http-www-ctv-ca-servlet-ar.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, UN Security Council_
2. [Syrian state media say that Israeli warplanes attacked a military position in Jamraya, Rif Dimashq Governorate, from Lebanese airspace, with the Syrian Air Defense Force intercepting most of the missiles. The target is rumored to be a weapon research facility. ](/news/2018/02/7/syrian-state-media-say-that-israeli-warplanes-attacked-a-military-position-in-jamraya-rif-dimashq-governorate-from-lebanese-airspace-with.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
4. [ Israel's Foreign Ministry announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. ](/news/2016/12/27/israel-s-foreign-ministry-announces-that-it-is-reducing-ties-with-some-of-the-un-security-council-countries-that-voted-to-pass-united-nat.md) _Context: Israel, UN Security Council_
5. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
