### [2014-03-23](/news/2014/03/23/index.md)

# 2014 Oso mudslide:Eighteen people are still missing after a landslide Saturday in Oso, Snohomish County, in America's Washington state that has claimed at least three lives. 

ARLINGTON, Wash. (AP) — Looking for signs of life in the quicksand-like mud below, searchers in helicopters scanned a huge debris field Sunday trying to find 18 people still unaccounted for following a landslide that killed at least three people and destroyed a small riverside neighborhood in rural Washington


### Source:

1. [Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/officials-18-missing-washington-mudslide-191545638.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 Oso mudslide:A landslide kills two people, and injures six in Oso, Washington, United States. ](/news/2014/03/22/2014-oso-mudslide-pa-landslide-kills-two-people-and-injures-six-in-oso-washington-united-states.md) _Context: Oso, Oso, Washington mudslide, Washington_
2. [The death toll from the Oso mudslide in the US state of Washington rises to fourteen with dozens of people unaccounted for. ](/news/2014/03/24/the-death-toll-from-the-oso-mudslide-in-the-us-state-of-washington-rises-to-fourteen-with-dozens-of-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Oso, Washington mudslide, Washington_
3. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Washington_
4. [The death toll in yesterday's attack rises to five people with the assailant captured in Oak Harbor, Washington. ](/news/2016/09/24/the-death-toll-in-yesterday-s-attack-rises-to-five-people-with-the-assailant-captured-in-oak-harbor-washington.md) _Context: Washington_
5. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Washington_
6. [The Seattle City Council  unanimously votes  to give Uber, Lyft, and other contract drivers the power to unionize. The Washington city becomes the first in the United States to do so. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray opposes the bill which can still become law without his signature. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-seattle-city-council-unanimously-votes-to-give-uber-lyft-and-other-contract-drivers-the-power-to-unionize-the-washington-city-becom.md) _Context: Washington_
7. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Washington_
8. [In the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, a windstorm with gusts as high as {{convert|119|mph|kph}} kills 4 people and leaves more than 1 million without electricity; some rivers in Western Washington also experience moderate to severe flooding. Washington Governor Jay Inslee declares a state of emergency after the storm, requesting federal assistance with cleanup efforts. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-pacific-northwest-region-of-the-united-states-a-windstorm-with-gusts-as-high-as-convert-119-mph-kph-kills-4-people-and-leaves-mo.md) _Context: Washington_
9. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: Washington_
10. [President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency across northeastern and central Washington as the amount of burned land in the state reaches nearly a half-million acres. ](/news/2015/08/21/president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-across-northeastern-and-central-washington-as-the-amount-of-burned-land-in-the-state-re.md) _Context: Washington_
