### [2002-04-7](/news/2002/04/7/index.md)

# More than half a million people march on the streets of Caracas protesting against the Venezuelan government.




### Related:

1. [Eighteen people, including  two opposition leaders, Henrique Capriles and Carlos Paparoni, are injured  in Caracas as security forces stop protestors from reaching the government ombudsman's office. ](/news/2017/05/29/eighteen-people-including-two-opposition-leaders-henrique-capriles-and-carlos-paparoni-are-injured-in-caracas-as-security-forces-stop-p.md) _Context: Caracas_
2. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Caracas_
3. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Caracas_
4. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Caracas_
5. [Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-death-in-the-protests.md) _Context: Caracas_
6. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas_
7. [Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-of-socialist-president-nicola-s.md) _Context: Caracas_
8. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro orders the seizure of factories that have stopped production and the jailing of their owners amid a nationwide state of emergency. During a speech to pro-government supporters in Caracas, he said the country had to recover the means of production, to counter its deep economic crisis. He also said military exercises would take place next weekend to counter "foreign threats". ](/news/2016/05/14/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-orders-the-seizure-of-factories-that-have-stopped-production-and-the-jailing-of-their-owners-amid-a-nat.md) _Context: Caracas_
9. [An engine burst into flames on a Dynamic International Airways Boeing 767 passenger jet bound for Caracas, Venezuela, while taxiing for takeoff at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (Florida, U.S.). A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue spokesman said 15 people were taken to the hospital after the fire. There were 110 people, including crew, on board. ](/news/2015/10/29/an-engine-burst-into-flames-on-a-dynamic-international-airways-boeing-767-passenger-jet-bound-for-caracas-venezuela-while-taxiing-for-take.md) _Context: Caracas_
10. [A Venezuelan bus plunges into a lake in Aragua state, southwest of the capital Caracas, killing at least eleven people with thirty-six others injured. ](/news/2015/03/22/a-venezuelan-bus-plunges-into-a-lake-in-aragua-state-southwest-of-the-capital-caracas-killing-at-least-eleven-people-with-thirty-six-other.md) _Context: Caracas_
