### [2011-04-14](/news/2011/04/14/index.md)

# Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the ''International Herald Tribune'' outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. 

NATO and its allies are committed to ousting Qaddafi. But it is the Libyan people who must decide their own future.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/15/opinion/15iht-edlibya15.html?_r=3&ref=global)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
3. [UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the French President Nicolas Sarkozy meet in London and sign a treaty allowing joint development and testing of nuclear warheads, and outline plans for a joint army expeditionary force. ](/news/2010/11/2/uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-the-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-meet-in-london-and-sign-a-treaty-allowing-joint-development-and-tes.md) _Context: David Cameron, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minster, president_
4. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron gifts President of the United States Barack Obama a painting, ''Twenty First Century City'', by graffiti artist Ben Eine, while Obama gifts Cameron a signed lithograph, ''Column with Speed Lines'', by Edward Ruscha. ](/news/2010/07/21/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-gifts-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-a-painting-twenty-first-century-city.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
5. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meets with US President Barack Obama to discuss the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, Afghanistan and the global economy. ](/news/2010/07/20/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meets-with-us-president-barack-obama-to-discuss-the-gulf-of-mexico-oil-spill-afghanistan.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
6. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, confirms that his government will be sending AgustaWestland Apache attack helicopters to Libya to assist the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/27/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-confirms-that-his-government-will-be-sending-agustawestland-apache-attack-helicopte.md) _Context: David Cameron, Libyan Civil War, Prime Minster_
7. [UK Prime Minister David Cameron and U.S. President Barack Obama discuss America's oil spill problem over a telephone call. ](/news/2010/06/12/uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-u-s-president-barack-obama-discuss-america-s-oil-spill-problem-over-a-telephone-call.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
8. [ Nicolas Sarkozy has reportedly told David Cameron that it was "stupid" of him to pull the Conservative Party out of the European People's Party, with other world leaders such as Angela Merkel and Barack Obama also expressing their surprise at the move. ](/news/2009/10/4/nicolas-sarkozy-has-reportedly-told-david-cameron-that-it-was-stupid-of-him-to-pull-the-conservative-party-out-of-the-european-people-s-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Nicolas Sarkozy_
9. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
10. [ United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. ](/news/2008/10/18/united-states-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-and-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, U.S. President, president_
