### [2011-04-14](/news/2011/04/14/index.md)

# Five months after his expulsion from the Shas party, Israeli rabbi Chaim Amsellem forms the Whole Nation party, and announces plans to run for the 19th Knesset on a secular-religious unity platform. 

Rabbi Chaim Amsellem announces intentions to run for 19th Knesset with Am Shalem, his new party which aims to bring secular, religious closer together


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4056659,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli ultra-orthodox party Shas proposes a bill that would thwart the mixed prayer area at Western Wall by placing the site under the jurisdiction of the Chief Rabbinate; if approved, a NIS 10,000 fine would be given to those engaging in male-female prayer or women wrapping themselves in the traditional talit or laying tefillin. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-israeli-ultra-orthodox-party-shas-proposes-a-bill-that-would-thwart-the-mixed-prayer-area-at-western-wall-by-placing-the-site-under-the.md) _Context: Israel, Shas_
2. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: Israel, Shas_
3. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marijuana-in-public-place.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Near the town of Ramle, Israeli archeologists uncover hundreds of gin and whiskey bottles dating back to the First World War at the site of a former British Army barracks. ](/news/2017/03/22/near-the-town-of-ramle-israeli-archeologists-uncover-hundreds-of-gin-and-whiskey-bottles-dating-back-to-the-first-world-war-at-the-site-of.md) _Context: Israel_
