### [2011-04-14](/news/2011/04/14/index.md)

# NATO foreign ministers meet in Berlin, Germany, to discuss issues including Libya. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110414/ap_on_re_eu/eu_nato_foreign_ministers)

### Related:

1. [2016 Berlin attack. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-berlin-attack-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germ.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
2. [2016 Berlin attack. Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/2016-berlin-attack-twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
3. [Berlin state election, 2016. Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/berlin-state-election-2016-voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
5. [Bohmermann affair. During a rally in support of German comedian Jan Bohmermann, outside the Turkish embassy in Berlin, Bruno Kramm, head of the Berlin branch of Germany's Pirate Party, is arrested for -insulting a representative of a foreign state- by quoting a line from the comic-s satirical poem about Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/04/23/baphmermann-affair-during-a-rally-in-support-of-german-comedian-jan-baphmermann-outside-the-turkish-embassy-in-berlin-bruno-kramm-head-o.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
6. [Cold War II. At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Germany, NATO_
7. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
8. [Berlin city-state officials says that a police investigation has traced vehicles stolen in recent years in Germany to Tajikistan, some 3,500 miles away. German authorities alleged that relatives and other people close to Tajikistan's president are driving stolen luxury cars from Germany, as a long-running criminal probe escalated into a diplomatic spat between two countries. ](/news/2013/12/19/berlin-city-state-officials-says-that-a-police-investigation-has-traced-vehicles-stolen-in-recent-years-in-germany-to-tajikistan-some-3-500.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
10. [2013 Berlin helicopter crash: Two helicopters collide and crash near Berlin's Olympic Stadium in Germany, killing the pilot of one helicopter and injuring four people. ](/news/2013/03/21/2013-berlin-helicopter-crash-two-helicopters-collide-and-crash-near-berlin-s-olympic-stadium-in-germany-killing-the-pilot-of-one-helicopte.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
