### [2007-12-6](/news/2007/12/6/index.md)

#  The United States Central Intelligence Agency admits to destroying at least two videotapes documenting the interrogation of two al-Qaeda operatives in custody following Congressional scrutiny. 

The C.I.A. destroyed videotapes in 2005 amid scrutiny about its secret detention program, according to government officials, raising questions about whether C.I.A. officials withheld information from the courts and the Sept. 11 commission.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/12/06/washington/06cnd-intel.html?_r=1&hp&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [ Head of the CIA Leon Panetta accuses former United States Vice President Dick Cheney of hiding an intelligence program from Congress. ](/news/2009/07/12/head-of-the-cia-leon-panetta-accuses-former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-hiding-an-intelligence-program-from-congress.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, U.S. Congressional, United States_
2. [ The United States Department of Justice and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) launch a joint inquiry into the destruction of two CIA tapes of the interrogation of two suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. ](/news/2007/12/8/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-central-intelligence-agency-cia-launch-a-joint-inquiry-into-the-destruction-of-two-cia-ta.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Pakistan raises concerns about a draft bill adopted by the United States Congress that ties United States foreign aid to progress in the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2007/07/28/pakistan-raises-concerns-about-a-draft-bill-adopted-by-the-united-states-congress-that-ties-united-states-foreign-aid-to-progress-in-the-fi.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States, al-Qaeda_
4. [ The U.S. Pentagon says that the CIA has arrested a senior al-Qaeda operative, Abdul Hadi al Iraqi, and transferred him to the Guantanamo Bay detention center. ](/news/2007/04/27/the-u-s-pentagon-says-that-the-cia-has-arrested-a-senior-al-qaeda-operative-abdul-hadi-al-iraqi-and-transferred-him-to-the-guantanamo-ba.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States, al-Qaeda_
5. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
6. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
7. [  U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shab.md) _Context: United States, al-Qaeda_
8. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
9. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States_
10. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody.  Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
