### [2016-07-29](/news/2016/07/29/index.md)

# Former President of Brazil Lula da Silva will stand trial on obstruction of justice charges relating to the Petrobras scandal. 

Judge says sufficient evidence exists that Workers’ party conspired with politicians and businessmen to buy silence of former Petrobras official


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/29/lula-da-silva-trial-obstruction-petrobras-corruption)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian police raid the home of ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in relation to the Petrobras scandal. Lula is brought in for questioning. ](/news/2016/03/4/brazilian-police-raid-the-home-of-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-in-relation-to-the-petrobras-scandal-lula-is-brought-in-for-quest.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Petrobras_
2. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Petrobras_
3. [ Testimony begins in a corruption case against former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2016/11/21/testimony-begins-in-a-corruption-case-against-former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
4. [Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-letacia-lula-da-silv.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
5. [Former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is charged with money laundering. ](/news/2016/03/9/former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-is-charged-with-money-laundering.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
6. [Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since  it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on   presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2016/03/31/brazil-s-supreme-court-voted-8-2-to-take-over-the-corruption-investigation-of-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-silva-alleges-jud.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
7. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
8. [Brazil's lower house of Congress opens impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff over a corruption scandal involving the state-owned oil giant, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/12/2/brazil-s-lower-house-of-congress-opens-impeachment-proceedings-against-president-dilma-rousseff-over-a-corruption-scandal-involving-the-stat.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Petrobras_
9. [Large protests in Brazil call for the impeachment of President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff due to a scandal involving members of her Workers Party receiving kickbacks from the state run oil company Petrobras. ](/news/2015/04/12/large-protests-in-brazil-call-for-the-impeachment-of-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-due-to-a-scandal-involving-members-of-her-workers-pa.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Petrobras_
10. [Venezuela's Hugo Chavez promises that his foreign minister will attend the inauguration of Juan Manuel Santos as Colombian president, two weeks after direct relations between the two countries were broken off, thanks to mediation efforts by President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2010/08/6/venezuela-s-hugo-cha-vez-promises-that-his-foreign-minister-will-attend-the-inauguration-of-juan-manuel-santos-as-colombian-president-two-w.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
