### [2016-07-29](/news/2016/07/29/index.md)

# The American Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating claims that the  Hillary Clinton campaign has been hacked as part of recent cyber-attacks on the Democrats. 

Hillary Clinton&#039;s campaign was caught up in the cyberattacks on Democrats, Reuters reported Friday afternoon. The hacks on the Clinton campaign were reported the same day as a hack on the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the campaign arm of House Democrats. It&#039;s unknown at this point which group perpetuated the attack on Clinton&#039;s campaign. Democrats have been the targets of multiple hacks within the last week after WikiLeaks released thousands of emails by Democratic National Committee staffers. The revelations in the emails, including that DNC staffers mulled using Sen. Bernie Sanders&#039; Jewish heritage against him during the primary election, resulted in Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigning. WikiLeaks also released hacked voicemails of DNC staffers this week. The hacks have stirred speculation that the Russian government is trying to interfere in the American presidential election by breaking into Democratic Party computers. 


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/07/29/fbi-investigating-apparent-cyberattack-on-clinton-campaign.html)
2. [Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/clinton-campaign-hacked/article/2598179)

### Related:

1. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic, Democratic National Committee cyber attacks, Hillary Clinton_
2. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
3. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: FBI, Hillary Clinton_
6. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Democratic, Democratic National Committee cyber attacks_
7. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
8. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
9. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
10. [The United States Department of State reopens an investigation into the possible mishandling of classified information by former Secretary of State and presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her top aides. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-department-of-state-reopens-an-investigation-into-the-possible-mishandling-of-classified-information-by-former-secretary-o.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
