### [2016-07-29](/news/2016/07/29/index.md)

# The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. 

A strong earthquake happened close to Agrihan, in the CNMI, at about 7:18 a.m., according to USGS.


### Source:

1. [Pacific Daily News](http://www.guampdn.com/story/news/2016/07/29/strong-quake-strikes-northern-mariana-islands/87758236/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/guampdn.png)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
2. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean, earthquake_
3. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
4. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes the southern part of the Northern Territory in central Australia. No damage or injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-9-earthquake-strikes-the-southern-part-of-the-northern-territory-in-central.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
5. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of the Vanuatu island of Malakula, prompting the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) to issue a tsunami warning for the coasts of New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, which was later cancelled. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-hits-off-the-coast-of-the-vanuatu-island-of-malakula-prompting-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-ptwc-to-issu.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, earthquake_
6. [A magnitude 7.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Ecuador, near the town of Muisne. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issues a tsunami alert for coastal areas of Ecuador and Colombia. At least 42 people are reported dead with deaths reported in the cities of Manta, Guayaquil and Portoviejo. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-magnitude-7-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-issues-a-tsunami-al.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, earthquake_
7. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-john-ambulance-service-says-that.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
8. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
9. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
10. [A 7.4 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with a tsunami warning issued for the Pacific Ocean coasts of El Salvador, Nicaragua and Honduras. ](/news/2014/10/13/a-7-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued-for-the-pacific-ocean-coasts-of-el-salvador-ni.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean, earthquake_
