### [2014-12-4](/news/2014/12/4/index.md)

# Protests erupt in New York City after a grand jury decides not to indict any police officers in the death of Garner. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/12/03/justice/new-york-grand-jury-chokehold/)

### Related:

1. [A Federal grand jury indicts eleven members of a firearms trafficking ring based in Columbus, New Mexico including the mayor and police chief. ](/news/2011/03/10/a-federal-grand-jury-indicts-eleven-members-of-a-firearms-trafficking-ring-based-in-columbus-new-mexico-including-the-mayor-and-police-chie.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
2. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
3. [ A federal grand jury in Providence, Rhode Island indicts Richard Hatch, winner of "Survivor: Pulau Tiga", for income tax evasion and fraud for allegedly failing to pay taxes on his winnings and misusing charity funds. ](/news/2005/09/9/a-federal-grand-jury-in-providence-rhode-island-indicts-richard-hatch-winner-of-survivor-pulau-tiga-for-income-tax-evasion-and-fraud.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
4. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, indicted_
5. [ Three members of Texans for a Republican Majority, a political action committee founded by Tom DeLay, Majority Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives, are indicted by a grand jury in Travis County, Texas, on charges of money laundering and accepting illegal campaign contributions. ](/news/2004/09/21/three-members-of-texans-for-a-republican-majority-a-political-action-committee-founded-by-tom-delay-majority-leader-of-the-u-s-house-of.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
6. [ Martha Stewart is indicted by a federal grand jury on nine criminal counts including securities fraud, obstruction of justice, and conspiracy in the U.S. government's investigation of her possible insider trading of ImClone Systems stock in December 2001. Just hours after this, she announces that she will quit as chairman and CEO of her company.](/news/2003/06/4/martha-stewart-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-on-nine-criminal-counts-including-securities-fraud-obstruction-of-justice-and-conspira.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
7. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: grand jury_
9. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
