### [2010-08-19](/news/2010/08/19/index.md)

# Australian Federal Police (AFP) and Victorian Police raid premises across Victoria in relation to alleged financing of a terrorist organisation believed to be the Kurdish Workers Party. One of the premises raided was of the Kurdish Association of Victoria; the AFP also raids properties in Sydney and Perth. 

Australian Federal Police have raided properties in Perth, Sydney and Melbourne as part of an ongoing counter-terrorism operation.


### Source:

1. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/victoria/terror-raids-in-melbourne/story-e6frf7kx-1225907238405)
2. [ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/08/19/2987966.htm)

### Related:

1. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Sydney, Victoria_
2. [The Australian Federal Police raid the Sydney home of Craig Steven Wright &ndash;  whom media today claimed was suspected to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin &ndash; in relation to possible tax offences. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-australian-federal-police-raid-the-sydney-home-of-craig-steven-wright-ndash-whom-media-today-claimed-was-suspected-to-be-satoshi-naka.md) _Context: Sydney, police_
3. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Sydney, police_
4. [The Australian Federal Police arrest 24-year-old Matthew Flannery of Sydney, the self-proclaimed leader of the LulzSec hacking group in the New South Wales city of Gosford. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-australian-federal-police-arrest-24-year-old-matthew-flannery-of-sydney-the-self-proclaimed-leader-of-the-lulzsec-hacking-group-in-the.md) _Context: Sydney, police_
5. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: Perth, police_
6. [ A Tamil man from Sydney is charged with multiple terrorism charges over alleged links with the Tamil Tigers. ](/news/2007/07/10/a-tamil-man-from-sydney-is-charged-with-multiple-terrorism-charges-over-alleged-links-with-the-tamil-tigers.md) _Context: Sydney, terrorism_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police  do not believe  terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Victoria_
