### [2010-08-19](/news/2010/08/19/index.md)

# Four Israel Defense Forces naval commandos are arrested by Israeli Military Police for suspected theft of laptops and cell phones from activists during May's Gaza flotilla raid. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-soldiers-suspected-of-theft-from-gaza-flotilla-aid-ship-1.308862)

### Related:

1. [Kenneth O'Keefe, an Irish-American living in London who was captured and injured by Israel Defense Forces following last week's raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla, threatens legal action after being included on a list of alleged "active terror operatives". ](/news/2010/06/8/kenneth-o-keefe-an-irish-american-living-in-london-who-was-captured-and-injured-by-israel-defense-forces-following-last-week-s-raid-on-a-ga.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Gaza flotilla raid:: The Israel Defense Forces claims that the 10 tonnes of aid delivered in the Free Gaza flotilla was turned back by Hamas when delivered to the border at Rafah, with Hamas stating that it will only accept the aid if all flotilla activists imprisoned in Israel are freed, and that the aid be delivered by the flotilla organizers. ](/news/2010/06/2/gaza-flotilla-raid-the-israel-defense-forces-claims-that-the-10-tonnes-of-aid-delivered-in-the-free-gaza-flotilla-was-turned-back-by-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Germany-Israel relations: Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
4. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: laptop_
6. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-bei.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Syrian civil war: Israel-Syria relations: Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Israel-Syria relations: Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-aft.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
