### [2010-08-19](/news/2010/08/19/index.md)

# The United Nations estimates that four million people have become homeless as a result of the 2010 Pakistan floods; Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, speaking in New York, states that the floods are a "slow-motion tsunami" as he calls for more funds to assist those affected. 

* Warnings militants may exploit chaos * Eight million still desperate for food, clean water * Kerry in disbelief over flood damage (Recasts


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-11031765)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSSGE67I05N)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomes more than $200 million in funds pledged towards the humanitarian effort following the 2010 Pakistan floods. ](/news/2010/08/21/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-welcomes-more-than-200-million-in-funds-pledged-towards-the-humanitarian-effort-following-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations, devastating floods_
2. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016. Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-unit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, New York City, Secretary General_
3. [Syrian civil war:. The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there is no prospect of an end to the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2012/12/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-there-is-no-prospect-of-an-end-to-the-conflict-in-syria.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
4. [Arab Spring:. Syrian uprising: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Syria has failed in its obligation to pull its troops out of urban areas, according to a peace plan. ](/news/2012/04/19/arab-spring-syrian-uprising-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-syria-has-failed-in-its-obligation-to-pull-its-troops-out-o.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
5. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising:. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon calls on the Syrian regime to "stop killing its own people". ](/news/2012/01/15/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-calls-on-the-syrian-regime-to-stop-killing-its-own-people.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
6. [At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. ](/news/2011/06/21/at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-in-new-york-city-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-wins-a-second-five-year-term-by.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, New York City, Secretary General_
7. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Belarus has "seriously violated" the arms embargo against the Ivory Coast, after a delivery of attack helicopters and material to the country. ](/news/2011/02/28/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-belarus-has-seriously-violated-the-arms-embargo-against-the-ivory-coast-after-a-deliver.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
8. [The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon visits Pakistan to inspect the relief effort for the 2010 Pakistan floods. ](/news/2010/08/15/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-visits-pakistan-to-inspect-the-relief-effort-for-the-2010-pakistan-floods.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, devastating floods_
9. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon recalls his envoy and closes an office in Sri Lanka due to protests over a war crimes panel. ](/news/2010/07/8/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-recalls-his-envoy-and-closes-an-office-in-sri-lanka-due-to-protests-over-a-war-crimes-panel.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
10. [Sri Lankan lawmaker Wimal Weerawansa ends his hunger strike against United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's decision to send a human rights panel to investigate war crimes to the country. ](/news/2010/07/10/sri-lankan-lawmaker-wimal-weerawansa-ends-his-hunger-strike-against-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-decision-to-send-a-human.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
