### [2013-01-31](/news/2013/01/31/index.md)

# Isobel Redmond resigns as the Leader of the Opposition in the Australian state of South Australia. 

SOUTH Australian Opposition Leader Isobel Redmond has quit the Liberal leadership because of party disunity, setting up a vote to replace her.


### Source:

1. [AAP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/national/sa-oppn-leader-isobel-redmond-resigns/story-e6frfku9-1226565727411)

### Related:

1. [Australian mining and materials company Arrium goes into voluntary administration with 7,000 jobs under threat in Australia, including 1,000 at the Whyalla Steelworks in South Australia. ](/news/2016/04/7/australian-mining-and-materials-company-arrium-goes-into-voluntary-administration-with-7-000-jobs-under-threat-in-australia-including-1-000.md) _Context: Australia, South Australia_
2. [Voters in the Australian states of Tasmania and South Australia go to the polls for state elections. The Liberal Party led by Will Hodgman have won government in the Tasmanian election while the South Australian election is too close to call. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-in-the-australian-states-of-tasmania-and-south-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-state-elections-the-liberal-party-led-by-will-hodgman-h.md) _Context: Australia, South Australia_
3. [Mike Rann, the Premier of the Australian state of South Australia, announces that he will be resigning on October 20 to be replaced by Education Minister Jay Weatherill. ](/news/2011/08/8/mike-rann-the-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-south-australia-announces-that-he-will-be-resigning-on-october-20-to-be-replaced-by-educa.md) _Context: Australia, South Australia_
4. [ A strong cold front sweeps across south-eastern Australia, bringing destructive winds to South Australia, Victoria and Tasmania. In Melbourne, a woman died when part of a wall collapsed in the suburb of Mentone. ](/news/2008/04/2/a-strong-cold-front-sweeps-across-south-eastern-australia-bringing-destructive-winds-to-south-australia-victoria-and-tasmania-in-melbour.md) _Context: Australia, South Australia_
5. [ Australian David Hicks is released from Yatala Labour Prison, South Australia, after his jail sentence for providing material support for terrorism ends, following his earlier detainment at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2007/12/29/australian-david-hicks-is-released-from-yatala-labour-prison-south-australia-after-his-jail-sentence-for-providing-material-support-for-t.md) _Context: Australia, South Australia_
6. [ Australia:. New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/australia-new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of.md) _Context: Australia, South Australia_
7. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Renewable energy in Australia. South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/renewable-energy-in-australia-south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-t.md) _Context: South Australia_
10. [Child marriage in Australia. An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/child-marriage-in-australia-an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-ht.md) _Context: Australia_
