### [2013-01-31](/news/2013/01/31/index.md)

# ''The New York Times'' claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao.  

The timing of the attacks coincided with reporting for an investigation that found that the relatives of China’s prime minister had accumulated a fortune worth several billion dollars through business dealings.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/01/31/tech/china-nyt-hacking)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/31/technology/chinese-hackers-infiltrate-new-york-times-computers.html)

### Related:

1. [ In a ''Der Spiegel'' report, Chinese hackers are accused of breaking into the computer systems of the German Chancellor's office and three other government ministries. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article2332130.ece (Times Online)].  Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao expresses "grave concern" at the allegations.  [http://www.forbes.com/markets/feeds/afx/2007/08/27/afx4055217.html (Forbes)].](/news/2007/08/27/in-a-der-spiegel-report-chinese-hackers-are-accused-of-breaking-into-the-computer-systems-of-the-german-chancellor-s-office-and-three.md) _Context: China, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao, hackers_
2. [''The New York Times'' publishes allegations that a Chinese People's Liberation Army unit called PLA Unit 61398 may be the source of hacking attacks on the West. ](/news/2013/02/19/the-new-york-times-publishes-allegations-that-a-chinese-people-s-liberation-army-unit-called-pla-unit-61398-may-be-the-source-of-hacking.md) _Context: China, The New York Times, hackers_
3. [China blocks the website of the ''New York Times'' and searches on social media after it published an investigation into the finances of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2012/10/26/china-blocks-the-website-of-the-new-york-times-and-searches-on-social-media-after-it-published-an-investigation-into-the-finances-of-pre.md) _Context: China, The New York Times, Wen Jiabao_
4. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: China, Premier of the People's Republic of China_
5. [The Associated Press reports that hackers linked to the People's Republic of China appear to have gained access to sensitive background material about people seeking security clearances from the United States government. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-associated-press-reports-that-hackers-linked-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china-appear-to-have-gained-access-to-sensitive-background-mate.md) _Context: China, hackers_
6. [Australia's ABC News claims that the People's Republic of China hacked plans for the headquarters of the country's spy agency ASIO. ](/news/2013/05/28/australia-s-abc-news-claims-that-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hacked-plans-for-the-headquarters-of-the-country-s-spy-agency-asio.md) _Context: China, hackers_
7. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
8. [Asian and European leaders meet at the Ninth Asia-Europe Meeting in Vientiane, Laos to discuss issues including the current financial crisis. 51 foreign leaders are expected to attend including premier of China Wen Jiabao and President of Laos Choummaly Sayasone. ](/news/2012/11/5/asian-and-european-leaders-meet-at-the-ninth-asiaaeurope-meeting-in-vientiane-laos-to-discuss-issues-including-the-current-financial-cris.md) _Context: China, Wen Jiabao_
9. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao says the country needs to carry out political reforms in order to support achievements made in its economic restructuring, contradicting statements by other Politburo members. ](/news/2011/03/14/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-says-the-country-needs-to-carry-out-political-reforms-in-order-to-support-achievements-made-in-its-economic-restr.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
10. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrives for a working visit in Pakistan and meets with Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani. ](/news/2010/12/18/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-arrives-for-a-working-visit-in-pakistan-and-meets-with-pakistani-prime-minister-yusuf-raza-gilani.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
