### [2013-12-16](/news/2013/12/16/index.md)

# American judge Richard J. Leon of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia rules that the National Security Agency collecting domestic phone records was unconstitutional in ''Klayman vs Obama''. A stay has been placed on the ruling pending an appeal by the US Government. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/12/16/justice/nsa-surveillance-court-ruling/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Richard Leon, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
2. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Richard Leon_
3. [ Five Guantnamo Bay detainees who successfully argued ''Boumediene v. Bush'' before the Supreme Court are ordered freed by Judge Richard J. Leon of the District Court for Washington, D.C. ](/news/2008/11/20/five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-who-successfully-argued-boumediene-v-bush-before-the-supreme-court-are-ordered-freed-by-judge-richard-j.md) _Context: Richard Leon, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
4. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The program was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
5. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
6. [The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia blocks  health insurer Anthem Inc.'s proposed $54 billion merger with rival Cigna because it would have exacerbated an already highly concentrated market and likely raised prices. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-u-s-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-health-insurer-anthem-inc-s-proposed-54-billion-merger-with-rival-cigna-becau.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
7. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
8. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
9. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
