### [2008-05-2](/news/2008/05/2/index.md)

#  May 1-2, 2008 tornado outbreak: Tornadoes affecting the south-central United States kill at least seven in Arkansas. 




### Source:

1. [KAIT8](http://www.kait8.com/Global/story.asp?S=8261980)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Arkansas, United States, tornado_
2. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Arkansas, United States_
3. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
4. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Arkansas, tornado_
5. [Tornadoes of 2016: At least two people are dead and 30 injured after a suspected tornado hits a trailer park near the village of Convent, Louisiana. At least one other person has died in the Deep South of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/23/tornadoes-of-2016-at-least-two-people-are-dead-and-30-injured-after-a-suspected-tornado-hits-a-trailer-park-near-the-village-of-convent-lo.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
6. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
7. [2013 Hattiesburg, Mississippi tornado: A tornado causes significant damage to the American town of Hattiesburg, Mississippi. ](/news/2013/02/10/2013-hattiesburg-mississippi-tornado-a-tornado-causes-significant-damage-to-the-american-town-of-hattiesburg-mississippi.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
8. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29-30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
9. [The Governor of Arkansas Mike Beebe declares a state of emergency following heavy storms including tornadoes hit the US state of Arkansas with at least two people dead and 100,000 without power. ](/news/2011/04/25/the-governor-of-arkansas-mike-beebe-declares-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-tornadoes-hit-the-us-state-of-arkansas-wi.md) _Context: Arkansas, tornado_
10. [Tornadoes hit Bellemont, Arizona in the southwest of the United States resulting in at least seven people being injured. ](/news/2010/10/6/tornadoes-hit-bellemont-arizona-in-the-southwest-of-the-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-seven-people-being-injured.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
