### [2008-07-8](/news/2008/07/8/index.md)

#  The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aUXWd2TAStIc)

### Related:

1. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: American, George W. Bush, Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
2. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: American, George W. Bush, Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
3. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: American, Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
4. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. ](/news/2010/10/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-visits-lebanon-amidst-concern-from-israel-and-united-states.md) _Context: American, Iran, Israel, President_
5. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: American, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
6. [ International Quds Day: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-p-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
7. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad states in an interview that Iran does not fear the U.S. and that any foreign attack would be "severely punished". ](/news/2007/02/12/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-states-in-an-interview-that-iran-does-not-fear-the-u-s-and-that-any-foreign-attack-would-be-severel.md) _Context: American, Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
8. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad opposes a bill in Iranian parliament that would require the fingerprinting of any citizens of the United States that are visiting Iran, stating, "We do not have a problem with American people. We oppose only the U.S. government." ](/news/2006/10/24/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-opposes-a-bill-in-iranian-parliament-that-would-require-the-fingerprinting-of-any-citizens-of-the-uni.md) _Context: American, Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
9. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: American, Iran, Israel_
10. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: American, Iran, President_
