### [2016-11-12](/news/2016/11/12/index.md)

# As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. 

Hundreds of thousands called on President Park Geun-hye to resign amid a widening corruption and influence-peddling scandal.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-37958037)
2. [Newsis](http://www.newsis.com/ar_detail/view.html?ar_id=NISX20161112_0014513219&cID=10201&pID=10200)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/south-koreans-gather-en-masse-for-protest-against-president/2016/11/12/602cf658-a85c-11e6-ba46-53db57f0e351_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean protests, Park Geun-hye, Seoul, South Korea, South Korean President_
2. [South Koreans take to the streets en masse demanding the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amidst a corruption scandal. Around 1.5 million people rallied in the capital Seoul, while another 400,000 people demonstrated in provincial cities. ](/news/2016/11/26/south-koreans-take-to-the-streets-en-masse-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-amidst-a-corruption-scandal-around-1-5-mill.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, 2016 South Korean protests, Park Geun-hye, Seoul, South Korean President_
3. [South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye-s-influence-peddling.md) _Context: Blue House, Park Geun-hye, Seoul, South Korea, South Korean President_
4. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
5. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
6. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
7. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
8. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
9. [A South Korean official says prosecutors will question President Park Geun-hye, no later than Wednesday, about the political corruption scandal. This will be the first time a sitting president is questioned by prosecutors in a criminal case. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-south-korean-official-says-prosecutors-will-question-president-park-geun-hye-no-later-than-wednesday-about-the-political-corruption-scan.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
10. [Park Geun-hye is sworn in as the first female President of South Korea in the capital Seoul. ](/news/2013/02/25/park-geun-hye-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-president-of-south-korea-in-the-capital-seoul.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, Seoul, South Korea, South Korean President_
