### [2016-11-12](/news/2016/11/12/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan. 2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. 

A Taliban suicide bomber dressed as a laborer blew himself up at the NATO air base at Bagram north of the Afghan capital Kabul on Saturday, killing four Americans and wounding at least 17 people in one of the bloodiest attacks against U.S. forces since President Barack Obama took office.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-blast-idUSKBN137037)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/taliban-claims-us-base-attack-in-afghanistan/news-story/d3e89ac00e4619626911a7641f826388)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan. Fifteen Taliban militants, including the shadow governor for Kunar Province, are killed in a NATO airstrike. ](/news/2015/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-fifteen-taliban-militants-including-the-shadow-governor-for-kunar-province-are-killed-in-a-nato-airstrike.md) _Context: NATO, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
2. [War in Afghanistan. According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Lashkargah bombing. A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan. At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-norther.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan. After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
6. [War in Afghanistan. 2017 Camp Shaheen attack. Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: NATO, Taliban_
8. [Operation Atlantic Resolve. 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: NATO, Polish_
9. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: NATO, Polish_
10. [War in Afghanistan. At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
