### [2003-08-6](/news/2003/08/6/index.md)

#  2003 California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger announces he will run for Governor of California in the recall election of Gray Davis.




### Related:

1. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California, Gray Davis_
2. [ California special election: voters reject all eight statewide ballot propositions, including four backed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. De Baca County, New Mexico sheriff Gary Graves is recalled from office following accusations of misappropriation of funds, mistreating prisoners, and sexual harassment. ](/news/2005/11/9/california-special-election-voters-reject-all-eight-statewide-ballot-propositions-including-four-backed-by-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California, recall referendum_
3. [ 2003 California recall: Republican Darrell Issa, the person behind the effort of recall election of Gray Davis, quickly and without warning dropped out of the gubernatorial race.](/news/2003/08/7/2003-california-recall-republican-darrell-issa-the-person-behind-the-effort-of-recall-election-of-gray-davis-quickly-and-without-warning.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis, recall referendum_
4. [Former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger admits to fathering the child of a longterm member of his household staff. ](/news/2011/05/17/former-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-admits-to-fathering-the-child-of-a-longterm-member-of-his-household-staff.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
5. [Former Governor of California and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger and journalist Maria Shriver announce their separation after 25 years of marriage. ](/news/2011/05/10/former-governor-of-california-and-actor-arnold-schwarzenegger-and-journalist-maria-shriver-announce-their-separation-after-25-years-of-marri.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
6. [The former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger returns to acting in an animated television series. ](/news/2011/03/30/the-former-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-returns-to-acting-in-an-animated-television-series.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
7. [The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger files a motion calling for same-sex marriages to resume in the U.S. state immediately. ](/news/2010/08/6/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-files-a-motion-calling-for-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-u-s-state-immediately.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
8. [Governor of the U.S. state of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a "fiscal state of emergency" requiring most state employees to take three days a month of unpaid leave until a new budget is enacted. ](/news/2010/07/28/governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-fiscal-state-of-emergency-requiring-most-state-employees-to-take.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
9. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers a speech regarding the state's financial crisis, favoring state spending cuts rather than the issuing of bonds. ](/news/2009/06/13/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-delivers-a-speech-regarding-the-state-s-financial-crisis-favoring-state-spending-cuts-rather-tha.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
10. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency, due to severe drought. ](/news/2009/02/28/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-severe-drought.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California_
