### [2003-08-6](/news/2003/08/6/index.md)

#  North Korea and Iran are planning to form an alliance to develop long-range ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads. Under the plan, North Korea will transport missile parts to Iran for assembly at a plant near Tehran, Iran.




### Related:

1. [ North Korea denies reports by British newspapers that it is helping Iran prepare to test an atomic bomb. ](/news/2007/01/27/north-korea-denies-reports-by-british-newspapers-that-it-is-helping-iran-prepare-to-test-an-atomic-bomb.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
2. [ Pakistan is cited as the source of nuclear weapon technology supplied to Libya, Iran and North Korea. The components intercepted at sea by Italy en route to Libya were fabricated in Malaysia. There is no evidence that the Pakistani government of President Pervez Musharraf knew about the transfer of technology of Libya.url=http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=107214  News, Abu Dhabi News, UAE News and International News from GulfNews.com - plus Gold rates, sport scores, city guides, prayer times, Dubai financial data, weather forecasts and more .com  ](/news/2004/01/6/pakistan-is-cited-as-the-source-of-nuclear-weapon-technology-supplied-to-libya-iran-and-north-korea-the-components-intercepted-at-sea-by.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
3. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, nuclear weapon_
4. [ Nuclear Weapons: Secretary of the Guardian Council Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a leading hardline Iranian cleric, calls for Iran to withdrawal from Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty because of the compliance protocols referred to by the International Atomic Energy Agency and not consent to unfettered inspections of its nuclear facilities. "The treaty has been denounced by a number of countries. Although Iran has inked the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, it is free to withdraw from it anytime". "North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. Many countries have not even signed it. It would have been better if Iran had not signed it."](/news/2003/09/19/nuclear-weapons-secretary-of-the-guardian-council-ayatollah-ahmad-jannati-a-leading-hardline-iranian-cleric-calls-for-iran-to-withdrawal.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
5. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear weapon_
6. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
7. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
8. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
9. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
10. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
