### [2003-06-28](/news/2003/06/28/index.md)

#  The FBI finishes its investigation of a pond in Frederick, Maryland, for clues in the 2001 anthrax attacks. Items found in the pond include a bicycle, some logs, a street sign, coins, fishing lures, and a handgun. The FBI took soil samples from the bottom of the pond for testing.




### Related:

1. [ The FBI begins to drain a Frederick, Maryland, pond hoping to uncover more evidence in the 2001 anthrax attacks.](/news/2003/06/9/the-fbi-begins-to-drain-a-frederick-maryland-pond-hoping-to-uncover-more-evidence-in-the-2001-anthrax-attacks.md) _Context: 2001 anthrax attacks, FBI, Frederick, Maryland_
2. [ Ponds on the north side of Catoctin Mountain, near Gambrill Park Road and Tower Road in Frederick, Maryland, are under investigation by the FBI, in connection with the 2001 anthrax attacks. FBI investigators found anthrax spores and other evidence in their search of ponds in the area during December and January 2002. Divers retrieved a "clear box" with holes that could accommodate protective biological safety gloves, as well as vials wrapped in plastic from a pond in the Frederick Municipal Forest. A new theory has been developed suggesting how a criminal could have packed anthrax spores into envelopes without harming (him/her) self. Officials from Fort Detrick have stated that the water is safe because once in water anthrax spores cluster together and descend to the bottom. The water in the pond has been tested several times over the course of the investigation, and all indications are that the water is safe.](/news/2003/05/11/ponds-on-the-north-side-of-catoctin-mountain-near-gambrill-park-road-and-tower-road-in-frederick-maryland-are-under-investigation-by-the.md) _Context: 2001 anthrax attacks, FBI, Frederick, Maryland_
3. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
4. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [The US FBI arrests three alleged Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spies working in the United States. The three men sought secrets about US economic plans and proposed sanctions against Moscow. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-fbi-arrests-three-alleged-russian-foreign-intelligence-service-spies-working-in-the-united-states-the-three-men-sought-secrets-about.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [The FBI launches a probe into a massive hacking attack on Sony Pictures, believing the leadership of North Korea to be responsible. ](/news/2014/12/2/the-fbi-launches-a-probe-into-a-massive-hacking-attack-on-sony-pictures-believing-the-leadership-of-north-korea-to-be-responsible.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [The FBI announces that it is investigating the major iCloud leak that exposed nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and Ariana Grande, among others. ](/news/2014/09/2/the-fbi-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-major-icloud-leak-that-exposed-nude-photos-of-jennifer-lawrence-kate-upton-and-ariana-grande.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [United States special operations forces, in coordination with the FBI, captured Ahmed Abu Khattala, one of the suspected leaders of the Benghazi attack, on the weekend of June 14 to June 15, 2014, in a covert mission in Libya. ](/news/2014/06/17/united-states-special-operations-forces-in-coordination-with-the-fbi-captured-ahmed-abu-khattala-one-of-the-suspected-leaders-of-the-beng.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [Sixteen missing children are rescued from Super Bowl-associated sex-trade slavery in an FBI sting. ](/news/2014/02/4/sixteen-missing-children-are-rescued-from-super-bowl-associated-sex-trade-slavery-in-an-fbi-sting.md) _Context: FBI_
