### [2011-05-28](/news/2011/05/28/index.md)

# The Department of Homeland Security advises that the United States Department of Defense's largest supplier Lockheed Martin has been hit by hackers. 

Lockheed Martin Corp, the world&#39;s biggest aerospace company and the Pentagon&#39;s No. 1 supplier, says it thwarted a &#39;significant and tenacious&#39; cyber attack.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/43199200)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/i/MSNBC/Components/Interactives/_swf/_shared/msnbc-facebooklike-icon.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: Lockheed, U.S. military_
2. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: U.S. military_
3. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: U.S. military_
4. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
5. [The U.S. Air Force awards Raytheon and Lockheed contracts to work on the new Long Range Standoff weapon, the replacement for the AGM-86B air-launched nuclear cruise missile. ](/news/2017/08/23/the-u-s-air-force-awards-raytheon-and-lockheed-contracts-to-work-on-the-new-long-range-standoff-weapon-the-replacement-for-the-agm-86b-air.md) _Context: Lockheed_
6. [West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-arm.md) _Context: U.S. military_
7. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: U.S. military_
8. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
9. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-for-october-9-un.md) _Context: U.S. military_
10. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: U.S. military_
