### [2013-03-5](/news/2013/03/5/index.md)

# A black American political candidate "was dragged and set on fire" during his murder in the U.S. state of Mississippi, say his family. The corpse of Marco McMillian was found bruised and burned near a levee on the Mississippi River. 

One of the first openly gay political candidates in the southern US state of Mississippi was beaten, dragged and set on fire during his murder, his family has claimed.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/9910998/Mississippi-mayor-candidate-was-dragged-and-set-on-fire-during-murder.html)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Mississippi, U.S. state_
2. [ Former Ku Klux Klan member James Seale is sentenced to life imprisonment for his role in the 1964 murder of two black men in the U.S. state of Mississippi. ](/news/2007/08/24/former-ku-klux-klan-member-james-seale-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-his-role-in-the-1964-murder-of-two-black-men-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Mississippi, U.S. state_
3. [North Korea-United States relations. Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/north-korea-united-states-relations-following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
5. [Puerto Rican status referendum, 2017. With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/puerto-rican-status-referendum-2017-with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become.md) _Context: U.S. state_
6. [2017 Mississippi shootings. Eight people, including a Lincoln County Sheriff's Department deputy, are fatally shot overnight at three locations in rural Mississippi. A suspect is in custody; he says he intended for it to be "suicide by cop." ](/news/2017/05/28/2017-mississippi-shootings-eight-people-including-a-lincoln-county-sheriff-s-department-deputy-are-fatally-shot-overnight-at-three-locati.md) _Context: Mississippi_
7. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
8. [War in Afghanistan. 2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/war-in-afghanistan-2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-s.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [The American pop star Madonna agrees on a settlement with her former husband Guy Ritchie over their son. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-american-pop-star-madonna-agrees-on-a-settlement-with-her-former-husband-guy-ritchie-over-their-son.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Mississippi_
