### [2013-03-5](/news/2013/03/5/index.md)

# Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/21583952)
2. [ESPN](http://espnfc.com/uk/en/report/358622/report.html)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2013/mar/05/manchester-united-real-madrid-live-mbm)

### Related:

1. [Fallout of Manchester United v. Real Madrid:UEFA backs Turkish referee Cuneyt Cakir over his controversial decision to red card Manchester United's Nani in last night's elimination by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) at the feet of Real Madrid in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie at Old Trafford. ](/news/2013/03/6/fallout-of-manchester-united-v-real-madrid-puefa-backs-turkish-referee-ca1-4neyt-aaka-r-over-his-controversial-decision-to-red-card-manchest.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, Manchester United, Nani, Old Trafford, Real Madrid, eject, semi-finals_
2. [UEFA announces the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League Round of 16 draw. Barcelona will face Milan while Real Madrid will play Manchester United. ](/news/2012/12/20/uefa-announces-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-round-of-16-draw-barcelona-will-face-milan-while-real-madrid-will-play-manchester-united.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, Manchester United, Real Madrid, semi-finals_
3. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Malaga secures a 0-0 draw against Borussia Dortmund while Real Madrid beats Galatasaray S.K. 3-0. ](/news/2013/04/3/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-ma-laga-secures-a-0a0-draw-against-borussia-dortmund-while-real-madrid-beats-galata.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, semi-finals_
4. [2012-13 Premier League:Manchester United secure the 2012-13 Premier League title thanks to a Robin van Persie hat trick against Aston Villa at Old Trafford, which moves them 16 points clear of rivals and reigning champions Manchester City who have only a maximum of 15 points left to play for. This is Sir Alex Ferguson's 13th title of his 27-year tenure as United's manager. ](/news/2013/04/22/2012a13-premier-league-pmanchester-united-secure-the-2012a13-premier-league-title-thanks-to-a-robin-van-persie-hat-trick-against-aston-v.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United, Old Trafford_
5. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Paris Saint-Germain secures a 2-2 draw against Barcelona while Bayern Munich beats Juventus 2-0. ](/news/2013/04/2/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-paris-saint-germain-secures-a-2a2-draw-against-barcelona-while-bayern-munich-beats.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
6. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid_
7. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
8. [Germany's Bayern Munich and Spain's Malaga reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals defeating Arsenal and Porto on aggregate respectively. ](/news/2013/03/13/germany-s-bayern-munich-and-spain-s-ma-laga-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-defeating-arsenal-and-porto-on-aggregate-re.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
9. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
10. [In the 2012-13 La Liga, Real Madrid defeated Sevilla 4-1 in a game played at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick. ](/news/2013/02/9/in-the-2012a13-la-liga-real-madrid-defeated-sevilla-4a1-in-a-game-played-at-the-santiago-bernaba-c-u-stadium-in-madrid-cristiano-ronaldo.md) _Context: Cristiano Ronaldo, Real Madrid_
