### [2013-03-5](/news/2013/03/5/index.md)

# The Dow Jones Industrial Average surpasses pre-financial crisis levels, reaching an all-time high, last set in October 2007, after the release of better than expected economic data from the United States and Europe and the Chinese growth target. 

There are concerns about whether the forces that have driven the market rally — government spending and banner corporate profits — will be sufficient to push it higher.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''New Jersey Herald](http://www.njherald.com/story/21494148/asia-stocks-rise-as-china-announces-budget)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/06/business/daily-stock-market-activity.html)
3. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324156204578275560657416332.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls by nearly 400 points due to credit worries. Canadian and European stocks also fall. The European Central Bank, United States Federal Reserve and Bank of Canada all inject money into their credit markets to ease concerns. ](/news/2007/08/9/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-falls-by-nearly-400-points-due-to-credit-worries-canadian-and-european-stocks-also-fall-the-european-cen.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Europe, United States_
2. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
3. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
4. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
5. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
6. [American-born panda Bao Bao arrives in China. ](/news/2017/02/23/american-born-panda-bao-bao-arrives-in-china.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
7. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
8. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
9. [China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-verdict-in-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
10. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
