### [2013-03-5](/news/2013/03/5/index.md)

# Voters in the American city of Los Angeles, California, go to the polls for a mayoral election with Eric Garcetti and Wendy Greuel to contest a runoff on 21 May 2013. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2013/03/la-mayor-election-garcetti-greuel-battle-for-hollywood-.html)

### Related:

1. [ The South Central Farm in Los Angeles, California, reportedly the largest urban farm in the United States, is raided by the LAPD, with assistance from the Los Angeles Fire Department. ](/news/2006/06/13/the-south-central-farm-in-los-angeles-california-reportedly-the-largest-urban-farm-in-the-united-states-is-raided-by-the-lapd-with-assi.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles, United States_
2. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a  21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-v.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
3. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
4. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
5. [The PGA of America announces it is discontinuing the PGA Grand Slam of Golf, a special postseason event among the year's winners of the four major championships of regular men's golf. This year, it was set to be held at Trump National Golf Club in Los Angeles, California. The 2015 event was cancelled after the PGA decided to move the exhibition contest from the same Trump Club, and they couldn't find a replacement course golf course with suitable dates. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-pga-of-america-announces-it-is-discontinuing-the-pga-grand-slam-of-golf-a-special-postseason-event-among-the-year-s-winners-of-the-four.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
6. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
7. [Rafe Esquith, a notable teacher in the Los Angeles, California, public school system files a $1 billion class action lawsuit against the LA Unified School District. Esquith, recently removed from teaching and subsequently fired, alleges on behalf of almost 2,000 individuals, certain age-discrimination tactics by the school system against older teachers. ](/news/2015/10/16/rafe-esquith-a-notable-teacher-in-the-los-angeles-california-public-school-system-files-a-1-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-the-la.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
8. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, United States_
9. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [A shooting and stabbing kills one person and wounds 5 others at a BET party held in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, U.S. ](/news/2014/06/29/a-shooting-and-stabbing-kills-one-person-and-wounds-5-others-at-a-bet-party-held-in-hollywood-los-angeles-california-u-s.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
