### [2015-06-3](/news/2015/06/3/index.md)

# Interpol issues red notices linked to arrest warrants for two former FIFA officials Jack Warner and Nicolas Leoz and four executives. 

“#INTERPOL Red Notices for 2 former #FIFA officials &amp; 4 execs on charges inc #racketeering #conspiracy #corruption”


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2015-06-03-SOC-FIFA-Investigation-Interpol-/id-ee6ca3c3a7984a11b9de1fce6068a586)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/03/us/fifa-chuck-blazer-transcript/index.html?eref=edition)
3. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/2015-06-03/revealed-shamed-fifa-executives-corruption-confession-to-secret-us-court/)
4. [Interpol via Twitter](https://twitter.com/INTERPOL_HQ/status/606004728795959296)

### Related:

1. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
2. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
3. [Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-federation-of-guatemala.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
4. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
5. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
6. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
7. [Swiss police seize computer records from FIFA in an investigation into alleged corruption by the world governing body of association football. ](/news/2015/06/9/swiss-police-seize-computer-records-from-fifa-in-an-investigation-into-alleged-corruption-by-the-world-governing-body-of-association-footbal.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
8. [Sepp Blatter announces that he will resign as President of FIFA as a result of the corruption scandals with an emergency congress to be called as soon as possible. ](/news/2015/06/2/sepp-blatter-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-president-of-fifa-as-a-result-of-the-corruption-scandals-with-an-emergency-congress-to-be-call.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
9. [Six FIFA officials are detained in Switzerland for extradition to the United States in relation to allegations of corruption between the 1990s and now. Those arrested include Jeffrey Webb, Jack Warner, Eduardo Li, Eugenio Figueredo and Jose Maria Marin.  ](/news/2015/05/27/six-fifa-officials-are-detained-in-switzerland-for-extradition-to-the-united-states-in-relation-to-allegations-of-corruption-between-the-199.md) _Context: FIFA, Jack Warner_
10. [Chuck Blazer, the FIFA official who blew the whistle on corruption within the governing body last year, faces accusations by Jack Warner of secretly funding the rent on a luxury New York apartment using funds from the football federation he ran. ](/news/2012/06/8/chuck-blazer-the-fifa-official-who-blew-the-whistle-on-corruption-within-the-governing-body-last-year-faces-accusations-by-jack-warner-of.md) _Context: FIFA, Jack Warner_
