### [2009-07-26](/news/2009/07/26/index.md)

#  French President Nicolas Sarkozy takes ill whilst exercising. 

French President Nicolas Sarkozy was rushed to hospital after falling ill while jogging and will stay there overnight for tests.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0726/sarkozyn.html)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
2. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy endorses Mario Draghi to become next President of the European Central Bank, to succeed Jean-Claude Trichet. ](/news/2011/04/27/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-endorses-mario-draghi-to-become-next-president-of-the-european-central-bank-to-succeed-jean-claude-tric.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi meet to discuss what to do about migrants from North Africa who want to join relatives, with reports that the Schengen Agreement is to be amended so the two can deal with the issue. ](/news/2011/04/26/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-and-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-meet-to-discuss-what-to-do-about-migrants-from-north-afric.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [The French Cabinet led by Prime Minister Francois Fillon resigns ahead of a reshuffle by President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2010/11/13/the-french-cabinet-led-by-prime-minister-franassois-fillon-resigns-ahead-of-a-reshuffle-by-president-nicolas-sarkozy.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
