### [2013-03-23](/news/2013/03/23/index.md)

# 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. 

All non-essential UN staff said to be removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels advance closer to Bangui.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21913926)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2013/03/2013323131445197878.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/23/us-centralafrica-rebels-idUSBRE92M07I20130323)

### Related:

1. [2013 Central African Republic coup d'tat:The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/2013-central-african-republic-coup-d-etat-pthe-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-african.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African, United Nations_
2. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: 2012–13 Central African Republic conflict, Central-African, Seleka_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pseleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pro.md) _Context: 2012–13 Central African Republic conflict, Central-African, Seleka_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-prebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-pr.md) _Context: 2012–13 Central African Republic conflict, Bangui's, Central-African_
5. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
6. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
7. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
8. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic.  ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
9. [A mass grave of Christians is discovered in a neighborhood in Bangui, Central African Republic, formerly occupied by the Muslim Seleka rebels. ](/news/2014/02/15/a-mass-grave-of-christians-is-discovered-in-a-neighborhood-in-bangui-central-african-republic-formerly-occupied-by-the-muslim-seleka-rebel.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
10. [Heavy gunfire erupts in Central African Republic's capital Bangui. ](/news/2014/01/24/heavy-gunfire-erupts-in-central-african-republic-s-capital-bangui.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
