### [2013-03-23](/news/2013/03/23/index.md)

# War on Terror:Pakistani Taliban threaten to assassinate former President Pervez Musharraf if he returns to the country. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2013/03/201332392549917441.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/23/world/asia/pakistan-taliban-musharraf-threat)

### Related:

1. [ Pakistan: A helicopter escorting the helicopter of President Pervez Musharraf crashes in Pakistan-administered Kashmir, killing four security officials and injuring his spokesman.date=December 2007  Forty five Pakistani soldiers and 130 pro-Taliban militants have died in two days of fierce fighting in North Waziristan, the Pakistani army says. ](/news/2007/10/8/pakistan-p-a-helicopter-escorting-the-helicopter-of-president-pervez-musharraf-crashes-in-pakistan-administered-kashmir-killing-four-secur.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Taliban_
2. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Taliban_
3. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
4. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
5. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
6. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
7. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
8. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan:Pakistani police defuse a car bomb near a fortified farmhouse, where the former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf is under house arrest. ](/news/2013/04/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-ppakistani-police-defuse-a-car-bomb-near-a-fortified-farmhouse-where-the-former-pakistan-president-pervez-mushar.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is arrested at his home on charges relating to unlawful detention of judges in 2007. He was present at the court when the arrest warrant was issued on Thursday, but had left before the warrant was served. ](/news/2013/04/19/former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-arrested-at-his-home-on-charges-relating-to-unlawful-detention-of-judges-in-2007-he-was-pres.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
