### [2015-06-5](/news/2015/06/5/index.md)

# Two people are killed and more than a hundred injured as bombs explode at rallies held by the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party two days ahead of the general election in Diyarbakir. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/92dfb437e07a4007a513ac237caab987/reports-6-injured-explosion-kurdish-rally-turkey)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Tahir Elci, a pro-Kurdish lawyer, is shot dead at a press conference in the city of Diyarbakir as clashes break out between Turkish security forces and PKK militants. ](/news/2015/11/28/turkey-pkk-conflict-tahir-elassi-a-pro-kurdish-lawyer-is-shot-dead-at-a-press-conference-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-as-clashes-break-out.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdish_
2. [Simultaneous explosions occur at local offices of the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party headquarters in the southern Turkish cities of Adana and Mersin. ](/news/2015/05/18/simultaneous-explosions-occur-at-local-offices-of-the-pro-kurdish-people-s-democratic-party-headquarters-in-the-southern-turkish-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Kurdish, Peoples' Democratic Party_
3. [Tens of thousands of Kurds pour into the streets of Diyarbakir, Turkey, for the funeral of Sakine Cansiz, the co-founder of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, who was killed in Paris, France, on January 9. ](/news/2013/01/17/tens-of-thousands-of-kurds-pour-into-the-streets-of-diyarbakir-turkey-for-the-funeral-of-sakine-cansa-z-the-co-founder-of-the-outlawed-ku.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdish_
4. [2016-17 Turkish purges. The Turkish interior ministry announces that 130 people, living outside the country and suspected of militant links, will lose their citizenship unless they return to Turkey within three months and meet government standards. Named suspects include U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and Peoples' Democratic Party leaders Faysal Sariyildiz, Tugba Hezer, and Ozdal Ucer. ](/news/2017/06/5/2016-17-turkish-purges-the-turkish-interior-ministry-announces-that-130-people-living-outside-the-country-and-suspected-of-militant-link.md) _Context: Peoples' Democratic Party_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Turkish fighter jets kill 19 suspected Kurdish militants in strikes on the Gara region in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/12/10/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-turkish-fighter-jets-kill-19-suspected-kurdish-militants-in-strikes-on-the-gara-region-in-north.md) _Context: Kurdish_
6. [2016 Turkish purges. Turkish security forces begin mass arrests of pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) MPs, including co-leaders Selahattin Demirtas and Figen Yuksekdag. Internet access is reportedly blocked across southeastern Turkey. ](/news/2016/11/4/2016-turkish-purges-turkish-security-forces-begin-mass-arrests-of-pro-kurdish-peoples-democratic-party-hdp-mps-including-co-leaders-sel.md) _Context: Peoples' Democratic Party_
7. [March 2016 Ankara bombing. Turkey-s Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/march-2016-ankara-bombing-turkey-s-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-w.md) _Context: Kurdish_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-kill.md) _Context: Diyarbakir_
9. [Two Cabinet ministers from the Peoples- Democratic Party (HDP) in Turkey-s interim government resign over the increased violence in Kurdish areas of the country. Their exit leaves no opposition figures in the government. ](/news/2015/09/22/two-cabinet-ministers-from-the-peoples-democratic-party-hdp-in-turkey-s-interim-government-resign-over-the-increased-violence-in-kurd.md) _Context: Peoples' Democratic Party_
10. [Operation Martyr Yalcin. At least 30 people have been killed in the southeastern Turkish city of Cizre following clashes between Turkish security forces and pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) supporters. Locals say Cizre has been "under siege" since the military imposed a curfew. ](/news/2015/09/10/operation-martyr-yalassa-n-at-least-30-people-have-been-killed-in-the-southeastern-turkish-city-of-cizre-following-clashes-between-turkish-s.md) _Context: Peoples' Democratic Party_
