### [2012-05-12](/news/2012/05/12/index.md)

# The President of Greece, Karolos Papoulias, begins efforts at forming a coalition government, after three failed attempts by major political parties to reach a coalition agreement. 

The Greek president summons party leaders for last-ditch talks on forming a unity government, after days of wrangling and deepening economic fears.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18044253)

### Related:

1. [The President of Greece, Karolos Papoulias, fails to broker a coalition deal between Greece's major political parties. ](/news/2012/05/13/the-president-of-greece-karolos-papoulias-fails-to-broker-a-coalition-deal-between-greece-s-major-political-parties.md) _Context: Karolos Papoulias, President of Greece, governing coalition_
2. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-memb.md) _Context: governing coalition_
3. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016. Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties-Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network-to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its.md) _Context: governing coalition_
4. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016. Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime.md) _Context: governing coalition_
5. [Irish general election, 2016. Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/irish-general-election-2016-prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-eng.md) _Context: governing coalition_
6. [The Hellenic Parliament elects Prokopis Pavlopoulos as the new President of Greece. ](/news/2015/02/18/the-hellenic-parliament-elects-prokopis-pavlopoulos-as-the-new-president-of-greece.md) _Context: President of Greece_
7. [A single day after the radical-left SYRIZA party wins the Greek elections, it forms an anti-austerity coalition government with the right-wing Independent Greeks ](/news/2015/01/26/a-single-day-after-the-radical-left-syriza-party-wins-the-greek-elections-it-forms-an-anti-austerity-coalition-government-with-the-right-wi.md) _Context: governing coalition_
8. [The Italy Parliament prepares to vote for a new President to succeed Giorgio Napolitano, in order to end a two-month impasse between political parties by forming a coalition government. ](/news/2013/04/17/the-italy-parliament-prepares-to-vote-for-a-new-president-to-succeed-giorgio-napolitano-in-order-to-end-a-two-month-impasse-between-politic.md) _Context: governing coalition_
9. [2012-2013 Central African Republic conflict:. In the Central African Republic, the government signs a ceasefire agreement with rebels, ending a month of conflict and establishing a new coalition government. ](/news/2013/01/11/2012-2013-central-african-republic-conflict-in-the-central-african-republic-the-government-signs-a-ceasefire-agreement-with-rebels-end.md) _Context: governing coalition_
10. [Voters in Greece go to the polls for a second legislative election after the first election on May 6 failed to form a coalition government. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-greece-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-legislative-election-after-the-first-election-on-may-6-failed-to-form-a-coalition-government.md) _Context: governing coalition_
