### [2004-10-19](/news/2004/10/19/index.md)

#  British and German officials announce that, on Thursday, representatives of France, the United Kingdom, and Germany will meet in Vienna with Iranian officials to offer Iran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans before proposed U.N. sanctions are imposed. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=KCMAIJ0C0LGQGCRBAEOCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=6544693 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:35, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, Vienna_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, Vienna_
3. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, Vienna_
4. [ Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. ](/news/2005/05/9/hans-blix-former-united-nations-chief-arms-inspector-suggests-that-iran-and-israel-could-support-a-ban-of-uranium-enrichment-in-the-middl.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, uranium enrichment_
5. [ Iran rejects a unanimous United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency resolution calling on Iran to freeze its uranium enrichment activities. Iran threatens to prevent UN inspections of its nuclear program. ](/news/2004/09/19/iran-rejects-a-unanimous-united-nations-international-atomic-energy-agency-resolution-calling-on-iran-to-freeze-its-uranium-enrichment-acti.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, uranium enrichment_
6. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Vienna_
7. [Chief Syrian opposition negotiator of the High Negotiations Committee Mohammed Allush resigns over the failure of the UN-backed peace talks. Allush said that without any of the opposition demands met, peace talks were a "waste of time". In April, the HNC suspended talks with the Syrian government's delegation in Vienna. ](/news/2016/05/30/chief-syrian-opposition-negotiator-of-the-high-negotiations-committee-mohammed-allush-resigns-over-the-failure-of-the-un-backed-peace-talks.md) _Context: United Nations, Vienna_
8. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
9. [Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution-to-syria-s-four-year-civil-war-that-has-killed.md) _Context: Iran, Vienna_
10. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
