### [2004-10-19](/news/2004/10/19/index.md)

#  In Minsk, Belarus, protests continue over the results of Monday's referendum, which permitted President Alexander Lukashenko to seek a third term. At least 30 protesters are arrested, including opposition leader Anatoly Lebedko. Supporters say Lebedko was badly beaten by police and was refused treatment for his injuries. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3758032.stm)

### Related:

1. [ A referendum is held in Belarus on a proposal by President Alexander Lukashenko to permit Lukashenko to run for a third term by amending the country's constitution to remove term limits. The Belarus electoral commission says the referendum won the support of at least 75 percent of voters, but independent elections monitors say that the voting procedures "fell significantly short" of international standards. In Minsk, the capital, more than 2,000 people protest the results of the referendum. ](/news/2004/10/18/a-referendum-is-held-in-belarus-on-a-proposal-by-president-alexander-lukashenko-to-permit-lukashenko-to-run-for-a-third-term-by-amending-th.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Minsk, Monday's referendum_
2. [In Minsk, about 1,000 opposition activists protest Russia's plans to establish a military air base in Belarus, saying it would turn the former Soviet republic into a Kremlin "vassal" and add to regional tensions. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has refrained from commenting on the initiative to establish the base. ](/news/2015/10/4/in-minsk-about-1-000-opposition-activists-protest-russia-s-plans-to-establish-a-military-air-base-in-belarus-saying-it-would-turn-the-form.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Minsk_
3. [President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko announces the ousted President of Kyrgyzstan Kurmanbek Bakiyev, who is wanted by his successors in connection with the recent unrest, is in Minsk. ](/news/2010/04/20/president-of-belarus-alexander-lukashenko-announces-the-ousted-president-of-kyrgyzstan-kurmanbek-bakiyev-who-is-wanted-by-his-successors-in.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Minsk_
4. [ Up to 10,000 people protest in Minsk against President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko. ](/news/2007/03/25/up-to-10-000-people-protest-in-minsk-against-president-of-belarus-alexander-lukashenko.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Minsk_
5. [ Alaksandar Kazulin, the Social Democratic Party candidate for the office of President of Belarus, was detained by Minsk police after he was rejected entrance to a congress hosted by current leader Alexander Lukashenko. Kazulin also suffered injuries during the course of his detention, which is still being enforced, though the elections will commence in 17 days. ](/news/2006/03/2/alaksandar-kazulin-the-social-democratic-party-candidate-for-the-office-of-president-of-belarus-was-detained-by-minsk-police-after-he-was.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Minsk_
6. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
7. [Thousands of people protest in Minsk, Belarus, despite a ban on protests, against a so-called "social parasites" tax on the unemployed. ](/news/2017/03/25/thousands-of-people-protest-in-minsk-belarus-despite-a-ban-on-protests-against-a-so-called-social-parasites-tax-on-the-unemployed.md) _Context: Minsk_
8. [The top U.S. diplomat in Belarus Scott Rauland and Belarusian Foreign Minister Uladzimer Makey said that their countries are ready to discuss the possible return of their ambassadors. Makey told reporters in Minsk that "there is readiness from both sides for a full normalization of our relations." Belarus recalled its ambassador from Washington in 2008 after the United States imposed sanctions against Belarusian oil giant Belneftekhim following tensions between Minsk and the West. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-top-u-s-diplomat-in-belarus-scott-rauland-and-belarusian-foreign-minister-uladzimer-makey-said-that-their-countries-are-ready-to-discus.md) _Context: Minsk_
9. [Authorities in Belarus detain prominent businessman Yury Chyzh, once a close adviser to Alexander Lukashenko and included in the EU's sanctions list, on suspicion of large-scale tax evasion. ](/news/2016/03/13/authorities-in-belarus-detain-prominent-businessman-yury-chyzh-once-a-close-adviser-to-alexander-lukashenko-and-included-in-the-eu-s-sancti.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko_
10. [Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko won a fifth term by a landslide in today's election. ](/news/2015/10/11/belarussian-president-alexander-lukashenko-won-a-fifth-term-by-a-landslide-in-today-s-election.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko_
