### [2009-01-12](/news/2009/01/12/index.md)

#  Iraqi Security Forces announce that they have captured Tha'ir Kadhim Sraiwi, the alleged leader of Salafi terrorist group Jamaat Ansar al-Sunna. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/7823117.stm)

### Related:

1. [Bomb and gun attacks across Iraq kill more than 30 people including members of the Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2013/07/11/bomb-and-gun-attacks-across-iraq-kill-more-than-30-people-including-members-of-the-iraqi-security-forces.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi security forces_
2. [A string of attacks in Iraq targeting Iraqi security forces leaves at least 56 people dead. ](/news/2010/08/25/a-string-of-attacks-in-iraq-targeting-iraqi-security-forces-leaves-at-least-56-people-dead.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi security forces_
3. [ Iraq releases 24 security personnel arrested on Thursday on suspicion of aiding terrorism. ](/news/2008/12/20/iraq-releases-24-security-personnel-arrested-on-thursday-on-suspicion-of-aiding-terrorism.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
4. [ President George W. Bush is expected to impose economic sanctions on Syria, alleging support of terrorism and failure to stop guerrillas from entering Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/10/president-george-w-bush-is-expected-to-impose-economic-sanctions-on-syria-alleging-support-of-terrorism-and-failure-to-stop-guerrillas-fr.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
5. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.](/news/2003/09/8/occupation-of-iraq-declaring-iraq-to-be-the-central-front-in-the-war-against-terrorism-president-bush-asks-congress-for-87-billion-t.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi security forces_
7. [ Iraq - Terrorism: Mortar rounds hit killing at least seven civilian Iraqis in the town square of Baquba. At least 20 civilian were wounded. Also, Akila al-Hashemi, a member of Iraq's Governing Council, was buried in Najaf a day after she died from wounds inflicted by an unidentified gunmen.](/news/2003/09/26/iraq-a-terrorism-mortar-rounds-hit-killing-at-least-seven-civilian-iraqis-in-the-town-square-of-baquba-at-least-20-civilian-were-wounde.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
8. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
9. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
10. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
