### [2017-05-9](/news/2017/05/9/index.md)

# Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/09/politics/georgia-6-special-election/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Jon Ossoff, Karen Handel_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Both Paul Ryan and Tom Perez plan to campaign for the local candidates Karen Handel and Jon Ossoff respectively. ](/news/2017/04/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-both-paul-ryan-and-tom-perez-plan-to-campaign-for-the-local-candidates-karen-ha.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Jon Ossoff, Karen Handel_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. The campaign of Jon Ossoff wins a lawsuit extending voter registration. ](/news/2017/05/4/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-the-campaign-of-jon-ossoff-wins-a-lawsuit-extending-voter-registration.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Jon Ossoff_
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. In a meeting for the NRA, U.S. president Donald Trump criticizes Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff. ](/news/2017/04/28/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-in-a-meeting-for-the-nra-u-s-president-donald-trump-criticizes-democratic-can.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Jon Ossoff_
5. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Karen Handel_
6. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Tom Price_
7. [115th United States Congress. U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017. Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
