### [2017-05-9](/news/2017/05/9/index.md)

# Syria-United States relations. Turkey-United States relations. Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/09/politics/us-arms-kurds-syria-turkey/)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-United States relations. The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
2. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces, Turkey_
3. [Manbij offensive. Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/manbij-offensive-kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-c.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces, Turkey_
4. [American-led intervention in Syria. Battle of Raqqa (2017). The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-led-intervention-in-syria-battle-of-raqqa-2017-the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [Donald Trump revelation of classified information to Russia. According to a current and a former unnamed U.S. government official, President Donald Trump revealed classified information that jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State during his Oval Office meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador on May 10. ](/news/2017/05/15/donald-trump-revelation-of-classified-information-to-russia-according-to-a-current-and-a-former-unnamed-u-s-government-official-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-captu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
