### [2017-05-9](/news/2017/05/9/index.md)

# United States Congressman Rod Blum from Iowa is heckled at a town hall meeting from a "pre-screened" audience as he attempted to explain his vote for the American Health Care Act of 2017. 

Rod Blum then tells The Post that the GOP health-care bill &ldquo;isn&rsquo;t a repeal and replace. This is Obamacare 2.0.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/05/08/iowa-congressman-walks-out-of-a-tv-interview-and-into-an-angry-town-hall-meeting/?utm_term=.a6e2b98182c1)

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
2. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
3. [The United States Supreme Court,  in a 6-2 ruling written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, upholds the  8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' $5.8 million class action judgment against Tyson Foods Incorporated filed by workers at an Iowa pork-processing facility who contended they were underpaid. ](/news/2016/03/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-written-by-justice-anthony-kennedy-upholds-the-8th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-5-8-m.md) _Context: Iowa_
4. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. ](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections.md) _Context: Iowa_
5. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa_
6. [A bank in Minnesota (U.S.) is robbed by the same person a second time while an Iowa television station was doing a live update on the first robbery. The robber was arrested shortly afterwards. ](/news/2015/12/16/a-bank-in-minnesota-u-s-is-robbed-by-the-same-person-a-second-time-while-an-iowa-television-station-was-doing-a-live-update-on-the-first.md) _Context: Iowa_
7. [Authorities arrest two Iowa men in Saugus, Massachusetts after heavy firearms are discovered in their hotel room. The two men had made threats on social media stating their targeting of the 2015 Pokemon Video Game World Championships that are being held in Boston. ](/news/2015/08/23/authorities-arrest-two-iowa-men-in-saugus-massachusetts-after-heavy-firearms-are-discovered-in-their-hotel-room-the-two-men-had-made-threa.md) _Context: Iowa_
8. [United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from  Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. ](/news/2014/08/30/united-states-senate-minority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-s-campaign-manager-jesse-benton-resigns-after-being-involved-in-an-alleged-bribery-scan.md) _Context: Iowa_
9. [Three people are killed and five are wounded in a shooting at a town hall meeting in Ross Township, Pennsylvania, U.S. ](/news/2013/08/5/three-people-are-killed-and-five-are-wounded-in-a-shooting-at-a-town-hall-meeting-in-ross-township-pennsylvania-u-s.md) _Context: town hall meeting_
10. [The United States Food and Drug Administration names Taylor Farms as the source of cyclospora parasite tainted salads that sickened 223 diners in the US states of Nebraska and Iowa. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-names-taylor-farms-as-the-source-of-cyclospora-parasite-tainted-salads-that-sickened-223-dine.md) _Context: Iowa_
