### [2008-08-29](/news/2008/08/29/index.md)

#  Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic refuses to enter pleas to charges including genocide and crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at the Hague. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hKJxOsYfWoFH3BmjiwdNbVy9psuQD92RVI580)

### Related:

1. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
2. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
3. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
4. [Vujadin Popovic and Ljubisa Beara, former high-ranking officers of the Bosnian Serb army, are found guilty of genocide and sentenced to life imprisonment for their roles in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, the harshest judgment ever delivered by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2010/06/10/vujadin-popovia-and-ljubia-a-beara-former-high-ranking-officers-of-the-bosnian-serb-army-are-found-guilty-of-genocide-and-sentenced-to-li.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, genocide_
5. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia acquits former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic of committing war crimes. ](/news/2009/02/26/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-acquits-former-serbian-president-milan-milutinovia-of-committing-war-crimes.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crime_
6. [ The government of Burundi abolishes capital punishment and bans homosexuality. Genocide and war crimes are now recognized as illegal activities. ](/news/2008/11/23/the-government-of-burundi-abolishes-capital-punishment-and-bans-homosexuality-genocide-and-war-crimes-are-now-recognized-as-illegal-activi.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
7. [ Radovan Karadzic, former Bosnian Serb leader, announces that he will defend himself at his trial for war crimes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/31/radovan-karada3-4ia-former-bosnian-serb-leader-announces-that-he-will-defend-himself-at-his-trial-for-war-crimes-at-the-international-crim.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
8. [ Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is flown to The Hague to face a trial in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/30/bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-is-flown-to-the-hague-to-face-a-trial-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslav.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
9. [ Fugitive Radovan Karadzic, indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested in Serbia. ](/news/2008/07/21/fugitive-radovan-karada3-4ia-indicted-for-war-crimes-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-is-arrested-in-serbi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
10. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
