### [2010-07-20](/news/2010/07/20/index.md)

# An international conference on the future of Afghanistan opens in Kabul co-chaired by the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and the Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon. The conference endorses a goal for Afghan forces to lead security operations across the country by 2014. Afghan President Hamid Karzai suggests raising the size of the Afghan National Army to 170,000 troops and the Afghan National Police to 134,000 officers by 2011. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/kabul-hosts-international-conference-20100720-10j52.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/world-south-asia-107527)

### Related:

1. [The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai names the seven areas of Afghanistan that will pass into Afghan control from July: Kabul, Panjshir Province, Bamiyan Province, Herat, Mazar-e-Sharif, Mihtarlam and Lashkar Gah. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-names-the-seven-areas-of-afghanistan-that-will-pass-into-afghan-control-from-july-kabul-panjshir.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Kabul_
2. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pafghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nato.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
4. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
5. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
6. [U.S. General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sacks Maj. Gen. Peter Fuller for making inappropriate comments about Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government. ](/news/2011/11/4/u-s-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-sacks-maj-gen-peter-fuller-for-making.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
7. [War in Afghanistan:President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comman.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
8. [Robert Gates, the United States Secretary of Defense, arrives in Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai. ](/news/2011/03/7/robert-gates-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-arrives-in-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
9. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, warns General David Petraeus the head of United States and NATO forces in Afghanistan that civilian casualties in the Afghanistan war and rejects an apology for the mistaken killings of nine boys in a NATO air attack. ](/news/2011/03/6/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-warns-general-david-petraeus-the-head-of-united-states-and-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-that-civil.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
10. [NATO forces in Afghanistan kill the cousin of President Hamid Karzai in an overnight raid. ](/news/2011/03/10/nato-forces-in-afghanistan-kill-the-cousin-of-president-hamid-karzai-in-an-overnight-raid.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
