### [2010-07-20](/news/2010/07/20/index.md)

# Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Coalition meetings between People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Labour Party (PvdA), Democrats 66 (D66) and GreenLeft (GL) fails to form a new Purple government. 




### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/artikel/173226-formatiepoging-paarsplus-mislukt.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://nos.nl/bundles/nossite/img/placeholders/no_image.png?170322)

### Related:

1. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: Labour Party, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
2. [Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. ](/news/2012/09/12/dutch-general-election-of-2012-voters-in-the-netherlands-elect-new-representation-in-the-house-of-representatives-the-final-prognosis-show.md) _Context: Labour Party, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
3. [Elections in the Netherlands: Dutch provincial elections of 2011. The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) obtain the highest number of votes cast, The Labour Party (PvdA) obtain the second highest number of votes. ](/news/2011/03/2/elections-in-the-netherlands-dutch-provincial-elections-of-2011-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-obtain-the-highest-numb.md) _Context: Labour Party, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
4. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands; Informateur Ivo Opstelten informs Queen Beatrix that the coalition formation between the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) with support from the Party for Freedom (PVV) failed, after PVV leader Geert Wilders lost his confidence in the internal stability of the CDA parliamentary group after a letter of criticism was sent by CDA negotiator Ab Klink (CDA). ](/news/2010/09/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-informateur-ivo-opstelten-informs-queen-beatrix-that-the-coalition-formation-between-the-people-s-part.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
5. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and Party for Freedom (PVV) complete the coalition formation after 111 days. ](/news/2010/09/29/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-and-party-for-fr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
6. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/08/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-ivo-opstelten-the-chairman-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-appointed-the-new-info.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
7. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
8. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
9. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund ("the troika") want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: Labour Party_
10. [Anouchka van Miltenburg of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is elected as President of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, giving the VVD the "Big Three" in Dutch politics: Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/09/25/anouchka-van-miltenburg-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-is-elected-as-president-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
