### [2010-07-20](/news/2010/07/20/index.md)

# Turkish foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu and exiled Hamas leader Khaled Mashal meet for talks in Syria. 

Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has met with Hamas supremo Khaled Meshaal in Damascus, Anatolia news agency reported.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10698211)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/07/20/turkey.hamas.visit/index.html#fbid=owo5XaKfoFI)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/turkish-fm-meets-hamas-supremo-report-20100720-10jey.html)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Syria, Turkish_
2. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Syria, Turkish_
3. [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Mashal meet together in Syria to try to end violence between the two factions. However, differences remain and talks will resume possibly next week. ](/news/2007/01/21/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-meet-together-in-syria-to-try-to-end-violence-between-the-two.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Mashal, Syria_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Hamas leader Khaled Mashal declares at a rally in Damascus, Syria that its informal ceasefire with Israel, which expires at the end of the year, will not be renewed. ](/news/2005/12/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-declares-at-a-rally-in-damascus-syria-that-its-informal-ceasefire-with-israel.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Mashal, Syria_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish_
6. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish_
7. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish_
8. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish_
10. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish_
