### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# A Yemeni hospital in Saada run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) is destroyed by several Saudi-led coalition airstrikes overnight. The director of the hospital, Ali Mughli, reported "The air raids resulted in the destruction of the entire hospital with all that was inside - devices and medical supplies - and the moderate wounding of several people". Another airstrike hit a nearby girls school and damaged several civilian homes according to local media. UNICEF said the Saada hospital  was the 39th health center hit in Yemen since March. The Saudi-led coalition denies that its planes had hit the hospital. 

A hospital in north Yemen run by the medical aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) was destroyed late on Monday by a missile strike, MSF said, but the Saudi-led coalition denied that its planes had hit the hospital.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/27/uk-yemen-security-idUKKCN0SL0WE20151027)

### Related:

1. [A suspected Saudi missile strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) clinic in Razih, located in Yemen's northern Saada Governorate, leaves at least five people dead and around a dozen injured. ](/news/2016/01/10/a-suspected-saudi-missile-strike-on-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-msf-clinic-in-razih-located-in-yemen-s-northern-saada-governorate-leave.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
2. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
3. [The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-from-noon.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
4. [Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
5. [The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in-western-yemen-has-risen-to-26-people.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
6. [At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-the-airstrikes-come-just-da.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
7. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
8. [A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
9. [A Scud missile fired from Yemen is intercepted over Saudi Arabia. The missile's target is believed to have been the King Khalid Air Base, near the city of Khamis Mushait. ](/news/2016/02/8/a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-is-intercepted-over-saudi-arabia-the-missile-s-target-is-believed-to-have-been-the-king-khalid-air-base-ne.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
10. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
