### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): American-led intervention in Syria: United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. 

Defense Secretary Ash Carter today revealed that the U.S. will openly begin &quot;direct action on the ground&quot; against ISIS forces in Iraq and Syria.


### Source:

1. [AP via Boston Globe](https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2015/10/27/obama-weighs-moving-troops-closer-front-lines-syria-ira/COeqfPBwQZZnoYrZTL6L8H/story.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/10/27/usa-to-step-up-airstrikes-ground-raids-against-isil.html)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/sec-carter-direct-u-s-action-ground-iraq-syria-n452131)

### Related:

1. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish, Syria_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Syria_
3. [American-led intervention in Syria: A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts. Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Iraq, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, American-led intervention in Syria, Syria_
5. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fi.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, U.S. airstrikes_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-militar.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Iraq, Syria_
7. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group-s reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turke.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Syria_
8. [France-led coalition intervention against ISIL: France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. ](/news/2015/11/15/france-led-coalition-intervention-against-isil-france-launches-a-series-of-airstrikes-on-raqqa-the-islamic-state-s-de-facto-capital-in-syr.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-i.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Kurdish, Syria_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Syria_
