### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/uk-reviews-powers-of-house-of-lords-after-tax-vote/2015/10/27/7de24570-7c9f-11e5-bfb6-65300a5ff562_story.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-34647544)

### Related:

1. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house,  delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of PS1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wo.md) _Context: Britain, House of Lords, Parliament_
3. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
4. [ Member of Parliament for Scunthorpe Elliot Morley will resign at the United Kingdom's 2010 General Election. ](/news/2009/05/29/member-of-parliament-for-scunthorpe-elliot-morley-will-resign-at-the-united-kingdom-s-2010-general-election.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
5. [ Twenty members of the United Kingdom's Parliament demand House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin's resignation, amid at the 2009 expenses scandal. ](/news/2009/05/18/twenty-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-demand-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-s-resignation-amid-at-the-2009-expenses-s.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
6. [ Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. ](/news/2009/02/23/member-of-parliament-peter-archer-s-report-into-the-united-kingdom-s-tainted-blood-scandal-chiefly-blames-united-states-pharmaceutical-comp.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
7. [ British Member of Parliament John McDonnell (Hayes and Harlington) is suspended after manhandling the ceremonial mace during House of Commons proceedings. ](/news/2009/01/15/british-member-of-parliament-john-mcdonnell-hayes-and-harlington-is-suspended-after-manhandling-the-ceremonial-mace-during-house-of-commo.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
8. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
10. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
