### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication ''The Intercept.'' The program, which started in 2004,  was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. 

Leaving his own employees in the dark, the leader of an award-winning Christian NGO helped the Pentagon conduct espionage in North Korea while hiding the source of the organization&#39;s funding, according to sources interviewed for this special investigation.


### Source:

1. [Christian Post](http://www.christiantoday.com/article/pentagon.used.christian.aid.group.to.spy.on.north.korea/68848.htm)
2. [NK News](http://www.nknews.org/2015/10/doubts-surface-about-n-korea-missionary-spies-intel-program/)
3. [The Intercept](https://theintercept.com/2015/10/26/pentagon-missionary-spies-christian-ngo-front-for-north-korea-espionage/)

### Related:

1. [ General Henry Obering, the head of the Pentagon's Missile Defense Agency welcomes what he cast as epochal progress toward putting a high-energy laser aboard a modified Boeing 747 to attack ballistic missiles that could be fired by North Korea and Iran. ](/news/2006/10/28/general-henry-obering-the-head-of-the-pentagon-s-missile-defense-agency-welcomes-what-he-cast-as-epochal-progress-toward-putting-a-high-en.md) _Context: North Korea, United States military_
2. [ The non-governmental organization Freedom House ranks Burma, Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan as the worst violators of human rights. FH also cited Tibet and Chechnya as areas of intense repression. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-non-governmental-organization-freedom-house-ranks-burma-cuba-libya-north-korea-sudan-syria-turkmenistan-and-uzbekistan-as-the-wo.md) _Context: NGO, North Korea_
3. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian cyberattacks on U.S. voting software, the U.S. Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-the-u-s-department-of.md) _Context: The Intercept_
4. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: United States military_
6. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomware-attack-to-the-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
