## [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

### [A Yemeni hospital in Saada run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) is destroyed by several Saudi-led coalition airstrikes overnight. The director of the hospital, Ali Mughli, reported "The air raids resulted in the destruction of the entire hospital with all that was inside - devices and medical supplies - and the moderate wounding of several people". Another airstrike hit a nearby girls school and damaged several civilian homes according to local media. UNICEF said the Saada hospital  was the 39th health center hit in Yemen since March. The Saudi-led coalition denies that its planes had hit the hospital. ](/news/2015/10/27/a-yemeni-hospital-in-saada-run-by-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-is-destroyed-by-several-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike.md)
A hospital in north Yemen run by the medical aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) was destroyed late on Monday by a missile strike, MSF said, but the Saudi-led coalition denied that its planes had hit the hospital.

### [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-executed-three-detainees-in-the-ancient-syrian-city-of-palmyra.md)
The Islamic State reportedly strapped 3 detainees to ancient pillars, then blew them up.

### [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria.  ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md)
Defense Secretary Ash Carter today revealed that the U.S. will openly begin &quot;direct action on the ground&quot; against ISIS forces in Iraq and Syria.

### [A Libyan helicopter carrying cash for a local bank on the way out and  returning to Tripoli with passengers is shot down near the coastal Almaya area west of the capital city, killing at least 14 of its 23 passengers including senior officers Hosein Bodaya and Duhain Al-Rammah, officials with Libya's Dawn militias. ](/news/2015/10/27/a-libyan-helicopter-carrying-cash-for-a-local-bank-on-the-way-out-and-returning-to-tripoli-with-passengers-is-shot-down-near-the-coastal-al.md)
At least 12 people are reported dead after a helicopter crashed west of the Libyan capital Tripoli, security sources say.

### [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank.  Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repo.md)
Three Palestinians were shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank on Tuesday, the military said, and an American-Israeli wounded in an attack two weeks ago died of his injuries, an Israeli hospital said.

### [Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan. The soldiers belonged to the Frontier Corps; the attack targeted a checkpoint northeast of the border village of Angoor Adda. ](/news/2015/10/27/pakistan-says-seven-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-the-south-waziristan-tribal-region-by-fire-from-across-the-border-with-afghanistan.md)
Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan.

### [In a plea bargain with U.S. federal prosecutors, Rohit Bansal, a former Goldman Sachs banker accused of using private information leaked by source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has agreed to plead guilty.  The leaked information was said to have given Goldman an undue advantage regarding client advisement.  Goldman also faces fines from the New York State's Department of Financial Services. ](/news/2015/10/27/in-a-plea-bargain-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-rohit-bansal-a-former-goldman-sachs-banker-accused-of-using-private-information-leaked-by.md)
_Context: Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Goldman Sachs, U.S. Department of Justice, plea bargain, plead guilty_

### [Walgreens Boots Alliance agrees to buy Rite Aid for US$9.4 billion in a move which will create a retail pharmaceutical giant with 13,000 stores. ](/news/2015/10/27/walgreens-boots-alliance-agrees-to-buy-rite-aid-for-us-9-4-billion-in-a-move-which-will-create-a-retail-pharmaceutical-giant-with-13-000-sto.md)
The move would create a drugstore giant at a time when companies in nearly every corner of the health-care industry are seeking to gain advantage from bulking up.

### [Northrop Grumman, the developer of the Air Force's current bomber, the B-2, beats out the Boeing-Lockheed Martin team and is awarded the Pentagon contract to build a fleet of stealthy planes known as the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B). ](/news/2015/10/27/northrop-grumman-the-developer-of-the-air-force-s-current-bomber-the-b-2-beats-out-the-boeing-lockheed-martin-team-and-is-awarded-the-pen.md)
In a battle of defense giants, Northrop Grumman edges out Boeing-Lockheed team.

### [Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339  with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-controlled-by-the-taliban-the-dea.md)
Rescuers pick their way through rugged terrain and pockets of Taliban insurgency searching for survivors after a massive quake hit Pakistan and Afghanistan, killing at least 306 people.

### [ Indonesian forest fires have advanced into dense forest on Borneo and now threaten one third of the world's remaining wild orangutans, say conservationists. ](/news/2015/10/27/indonesian-forest-fires-have-advanced-into-dense-forest-on-borneo-and-now-threaten-one-third-of-the-worldas-remaining-wild-orangutans-sa.md)
A species of the Great Apes is among the biggest casualties of the fires ravaging several parts of Indonesia and the Southeast Asian island of Borneo.

### [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md)
A U.S. Navy destroyer sailed within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands claimed by China in a direct challenge to Beijing that raises the stakes in an expanding, multination territorial dispute.

### [Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication ''The Intercept.'' The program, which started in 2004,  was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. ](/news/2015/10/27/humanitarian-international-services-group-an-ngo-founded-by-evangelical-christian-kay-miramine-was-part-of-a-secret-pentagon-program-devis.md)
Leaving his own employees in the dark, the leader of an award-winning Christian NGO helped the Pentagon conduct espionage in North Korea while hiding the source of the organization&#39;s funding, according to sources interviewed for this special investigation.

### [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md)
Iran will be invited to participate in talks in Vienna on Friday to discuss ending the conflict in Syria, a dialogue aimed at finding a framework for political transition in Damascus, the U.S. State Department said on Tuesday.

### [The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly condemns the U.S. embargo of Cuba  in its first vote on the matter since the start of normalization of relations between the two countries. The largely symbolic tally on the unenforceable resolution was 191 to 2 (U.S., Israel). ](/news/2015/10/27/the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-condemns-the-u-s-embargo-of-cuba-in-its-first-vote-on-the-matter-since-the-start-of-nor.md)
The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly condemned the U.S. embargo of Cuba Tuesday.

### [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md)
Philippines President Benigno Aquino said his country has &#034;no capacity&#034; to resettle refugees from Australia, adding his government was &#034;challenged to meet the needs of its own people right now.&#034;

### [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including  Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-t.md)
_Context: Alvaro Colom, Guatemala, Guatemalan President, United Nations, kickback scheme, organization, public hospital_

### [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md)
_Context: Britain, Conservatives, David Davis, House of Lords, MP, Parliament, bully politics_

### [Partial results from Sunday's election give Ivory Coast's President Alassane Ouattara an overwhelming lead (83.18 percent)   on the way to  a second five-year term.  This weekend's vote was judged to be peaceful and transparent by observers, making it the first in Cote d'Ivoire's history not to be marred by serious rights violations or irregularities. ](/news/2015/10/27/partial-results-from-sunday-s-election-give-ivory-coast-s-president-alassane-ouattara-an-overwhelming-lead-83-18-percent-on-the-way-to.md)
_Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivorian presidential election, 2015, Ivory Coast, President, electoral fraud, observers_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/10/26/index.md)

