### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A Libyan helicopter carrying cash for a local bank on the way out and returning to Tripoli with passengers is shot down near the coastal Almaya area west of the capital city, killing at least 14 of its 23 passengers including senior officers Hosein Bodaya and Duhain Al-Rammah, officials with Libya-s Dawn militias. 

At least 12 people are reported dead after a helicopter crashed west of the Libyan capital Tripoli, security sources say.


### Source:

1. [ (AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/helicopter-shot-libya-14-killed-34767113)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34651249)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/10/27/Libya-At-least-12-people-killed-in-helicopter-crash-near-Tripoli/3921445968995/)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
3. [ Libyan Civil War. Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/libyan-civil-war-rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that.md) _Context: General National Congress, Libya, Tripoli_
4. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present). The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya.md) _Context: General National Congress, Libya, Tripoli_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A car-bomb kills five guards at a checkpoint east of the Libyan capital, Tripoli. ](/news/2015/11/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-kills-five-guards-at-a-checkpoint-east-of-the-libyan-capital-tripoli.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Five gunmen at the Libyan Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli attack with at least ten dead. The hotel was previously the location in 2013 where a former prime minister was abducted. ](/news/2015/01/27/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-five-gunmen-at-the-libyan-corinthia-hotel-in-tripoli-attack-with-at-least-ten-dead-the-hotel-was-previou.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-natio.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
