### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

#  President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. 

Philippines President Benigno Aquino said his country has &#034;no capacity&#034; to resettle refugees from Australia, adding his government was &#034;challenged to meet the needs of its own people right now.&#034;


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/philippines-studying-australian-plan-to-send-refugees/2015/10/27/42d7af80-7c89-11e5-bfb6-65300a5ff562_story.html)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/philippines-says-has-no-capacity-to-resettle-asylum-seekers-held-by-australia-on-nauru-or-manus-island-20151027-gkk5vy.html)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
2. [Australia is to send refugees from Nauru and Manus Island to the Philippines. ](/news/2015/10/9/australia-is-to-send-refugees-from-nauru-and-manus-island-to-the-philippines.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island, Philippines_
3. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
4. [An unknown gunman shoots dead Nerlita Ledesma, a journalist from the Philippine tabloid ''Abante'' in the province of Bataan; her death is the 172nd murder of a journalist since the return of democracy in 1986 and the 31st during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/8/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-dead-nerlita-ledesma-a-journalist-from-the-philippine-tabloid-abante-in-the-province-of-bataan-her-death-is-t.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
5. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III demands an investigation after a drone purportedly belonging to the United States Navy is found in the Philippine province of Quezon, the second found in the country. ](/news/2015/01/7/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-demands-an-investigation-after-a-drone-purportedly-belonging-to-the-united-states-navy-is-found-in.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
6. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
7. [Pope Francis arrives in Manila and meets Philippines President Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/15/pope-francis-arrives-in-manila-and-meets-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
8. [Philippine President Benigno Aquino III downplays the significance of the recent surge of violence against journalists in the country after three deaths. ](/news/2013/12/14/philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-downplays-the-significance-of-the-recent-surge-of-violence-against-journalists-in-the-country-after.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
9. [Extrajudicial killings and forced disappearances in the Philippines:Human Rights Watch and the Committee to Protect Journalists criticize the administration of Philippine President Benigno Aquino III for his failure to protect journalists after the deaths of at least 12 in 2013. ](/news/2013/12/12/extrajudicial-killings-and-forced-disappearances-in-the-philippines-phuman-rights-watch-and-the-committee-to-protect-journalists-criticize-t.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
10. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines abolishes the Priority Development Assistance Fund, otherwise known as the 'pork barrel', prompting Philippine President Benigno Aquino III to fly back to Manila. ](/news/2013/11/20/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-abolishes-the-priority-development-assistance-fund-otherwise-known-as-the-pork-barrel-prompting-phi.md) _Context: Benigno Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
