### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339  with many thousands injured. 

Rescuers pick their way through rugged terrain and pockets of Taliban insurgency searching for survivors after a massive quake hit Pakistan and Afghanistan, killing at least 306 people.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-10-27/rescuers-search-rubble-for-survivors-of-massive-south-asia-quake/6889008)
2. [Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/World/2015/Oct-27/320411-taliban-vow-to-help-afghanistan-after-deadly-quake.ashx)
3. [Himalayan Times](http://thehimalayantimes.com/world/death-toll-reaches-339-in-quake-hit-pakistani-afghan-areas/)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/27/us-earthquake-afghanistan-idUSKCN0SL08I20151027)

### Related:

1. [An earthquake  measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan,  158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158.md) _Context: 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake, Afghanistan's, Taliban, earthquake_
2. [The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners.  The  representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process.  ](/news/2016/04/27/the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisoners-the-representa.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
3. [A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-india.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
4. [The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-stop-attacking-their-p.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
5. [ A powerful,  magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and  Afghanistan. No damage or  casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines.  ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-ca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
6. [At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes  made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-after-a-6-3-magnitude-ear.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
7. [Aid workers warn that survivors of the earthquake are at risk of dying of exposure as temperatures in Pakistan and Afghanistan fall to near freezing levels. ](/news/2015/10/28/aid-workers-warn-that-survivors-of-the-earthquake-are-at-risk-of-dying-of-exposure-as-temperatures-in-pakistan-and-afghanistan-fall-to-near.md) _Context: 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake, Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
8. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
9. [Pakistan frees Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, a cofounder of the Taliban in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/09/21/pakistan-frees-mullah-abdul-ghani-baradar-a-cofounder-of-the-taliban-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
10. [The London ''Times'' reports that a secret NATO report claims that the Taliban, backed by Pakistan, is set to regain control over Afghanistan after international forces withdraw from the country. ](/news/2012/02/1/the-london-times-reports-that-a-secret-nato-report-claims-that-the-taliban-backed-by-pakistan-is-set-to-regain-control-over-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
