### [2015-10-27](/news/2015/10/27/index.md)

# The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly condemns the U.S. embargo of Cuba in its first vote on the matter since the start of normalization of relations between the two countries. The largely symbolic tally on the unenforceable resolution was 191 to 2 (U.S., Israel). 

The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly condemned the U.S. embargo of Cuba Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-oppose-resolution-condemning-cuba-embargo-34764735)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/10/27/UN-condemns-US-embargo-of-Cuba/2131445968548/?spt=hts&or=3)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations General Assembly Third Committee approves a resolution draft that calls for a moratorium on the capital punishment. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-united-nations-general-assembly-third-committee-approves-a-resolution-draft-that-calls-for-a-moratorium-on-the-capital-punishment.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, unenforceable resolution_
2. [Chagos Archipelago sovereignty dispute. In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/chagos-archipelago-sovereignty-dispute-in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres its next Secretary-General. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-united-nations-general-assembly-officially-appoints-former-portuguese-prime-minister-anta3nio-guterres-its-next-secretary-general.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
4. [In his final speech as President of the United States to the United Nations General Assembly, Barack Obama calls for a renewed commitment to collaborative efforts in facing many of the challenges confronting -an integrated world- community. ](/news/2016/09/20/in-his-final-speech-as-president-of-the-united-states-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-barack-obama-calls-for-a-renewed-commitment-to.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
5. [Mexican Drug War. War on Drugs. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
6. [Cuba-United States relations. Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro-s regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/cuba-united-states-relations-government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9.md) _Context: United States embargo against Cuba_
7. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer violations to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
8. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
9. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-ameri.md) _Context: United States embargo against Cuba_
10. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: United States embargo against Cuba_
