### [2015-08-15](/news/2015/08/15/index.md)

# Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. 

A temporary ceasefire between warring parties in Syria collapsed on Saturday as negotiations failed to reach a more permanent agreement to end fighting in a town near the Lebanese border and two villages in the northwest, sources on both sides said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/15/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0QK09J20150815)

### Related:

1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Idlib, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
5. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Idlib, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-tow.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Hezbollah says Mustafa Badreddine, one of Hezbollah's highest ranking officials believed responsible for military operations in Syria, has been killed by artillery fire from the Syrian rebels. ](/news/2016/05/13/hezbollah-says-mustafa-badreddine-one-of-hezbollah-s-highest-ranking-officials-believed-responsible-for-military-operations-in-syria-has-b.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ Airstrikes that were likely carried out by Syrian government forces kill around 40 people in a crowded market in rebel territory in Syria's Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/04/19/airstrikes-that-were-likely-carried-out-by-syrian-government-forces-kill-around-40-people-in-a-crowded-market-in-rebel-territory-in-syria-s.md) _Context: Idlib, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Idlib, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Islamic Front rebels seize Abu al-Duhur military airport while taking control of Syria's northwestern Idlib province. ](/news/2015/09/9/islamic-front-rebels-seize-abu-al-duhur-military-airport-while-taking-control-of-syria-s-northwestern-idlib-province.md) _Context: Idlib, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
