### [2015-08-15](/news/2015/08/15/index.md)

# Saudi-backed forces loyal to the former Government retake the Shabwah Governorate from the Iran-backed rebels. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Maktoob Yahoo](https://en-maktoob.news.yahoo.com/pro-govt-forces-retake-fifth-south-yemen-province-083012720.html)

### Related:

1. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-targeting-houthis-in-the-southern-taiz-governorate-mistakenly-hits-a-hadi-loyalist-position-killing-at-leas.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-retaliation-to-saudi-war-crimes-a-spokesman-for-yemen-s-military.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Shellfire from Yemen kills two people over the border in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/05/26/shellfire-from-yemen-kills-two-people-over-the-border-in-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Heavy Saudi Arabian air strikes hit southern Yemen resulting in at least 20 deaths of Houthis soldiers and two members of rival militias. Saudi Arabia claims to have killed 500 rebels since the start of military operations in March. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/11/us-yemen-security-airstrikes-idUSKBN0N207I20150411 (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/11/middleeast/yemen-crisis-saudi-arabia/ (CNN)] India evacuates 5600 people including 960 foreign nationals from Yemen under "Operation Raahat". Several flights were allowed to take off and land in Yemen despite the no-fly zone declared on the country. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/11/world/asia/india-concludes-evacuation-of-its-citizens-from-yemen.html?nytmobile=0 "(NYT)"]](/news/2015/04/11/heavy-saudi-arabian-air-strikes-hit-southern-yemen-resulting-in-at-least-20-deaths-of-houthis-soldiers-and-two-members-of-rival-militias-sa.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [The Pakistani parliament votes not to join the Saudi led coalition in Yemen. ](/news/2015/04/10/the-pakistani-parliament-votes-not-to-join-the-saudi-led-coalition-in-yemen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [ Saudi Arabia lifts its 2013 ban on internet calls, effective midnight local time (21:00 UTC). ](/news/2017/09/20/saudi-arabia-lifts-its-2013-ban-on-internet-calls-effective-midnight-local-time-21-00-utc.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
