### [2013-03-16](/news/2013/03/16/index.md)

# A tour bus carrying the Seton Hill University women's lacrosse team veers off the Pennsylvania Turnpike and strikes a tree near Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States, killing the team's head coach, her unborn child, and the bus driver. 

Two people were killed in a Saturday morning bus accident in central Pennsylvania. Twenty-one people were injured, two seriously.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/16/us/pennsylvania-bus-crash/)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/03/16/tour-bus-crashes-in-pa-serious-injuries-reported/1992577/)

### Related:

1. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This is the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city. ](/news/2016/06/16/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1-2.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
2. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
3. [A court in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania finds that there is enough evidence to hold entertainer Bill Cosby on felony indecent assault charges in relation to the case of "Andrea Constand v. William H. Cosby, Jr.". ](/news/2016/05/24/a-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-finds-that-there-is-enough-evidence-to-hold-entertainer-bill-cosby-on-felony-indecent-assault-char.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
4. [Two missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-missionaries-from-the-united-states-are-found-slain-in-separate-areas-of-rural-st-mary-parish-in-jamaica-randy-hentzel-and-harold-nich.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
6. [Three people are shot (one critically) at three stores at the Edgewood Towne Center shopping plaza near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The victims were taken to UPMC Presbyterian Hospital while police searched the area. ](/news/2013/03/30/three-people-are-shot-one-critically-at-three-stores-at-the-edgewood-towne-center-shopping-plaza-near-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-united-sta.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
7. [Six people are wounded during a stabbing attack at a Target store in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. A 41-year-old homeless man was arrested. ](/news/2013/03/25/six-people-are-wounded-during-a-stabbing-attack-at-a-target-store-in-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-united-states-a-41-year-old-homeless-man-was.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
8. [Seven students and a teacher are injured as the result of a small explosion in an eighth-grade science classroom in Wilson Middle School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, USA. Two of the students were flown by helicopter to Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore. One was released that evening, the other is in fair condition. ](/news/2012/11/28/seven-students-and-a-teacher-are-injured-as-the-result-of-a-small-explosion-in-an-eighth-grade-science-classroom-in-wilson-middle-school-in.md) _Context: Carlisle, Pennsylvania_
9. [A tour bus went off the highway and crashed in northwest Arizona late Friday at around 8:00 PM PDT, killing the bus driver (who was believed to have suffered a medical incident), and leaving at least four of the passengers with serious injuries. About 45 other passengers were hurt less seriously, and some were not hospitalized. The bus was northbound on Highway 93 near Willow Beach, Arizona and the Nevada state line, southeast of Las Vegas. ](/news/2012/10/19/a-tour-bus-went-off-the-highway-and-crashed-in-northwest-arizona-late-friday-at-around-8-00-pm-pdt-killing-the-bus-driver-who-was-believed.md) _Context: bus driver, tour bus_
10. [A woman kills two people and injures another at a shooting incident at a Kraft baking plant in the United States city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2010/09/9/a-woman-kills-two-people-and-injures-another-at-a-shooting-incident-at-a-kraft-baking-plant-in-the-united-states-city-of-philadelphia-penns.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
