### [2006-10-30](/news/2006/10/30/index.md)

#  Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/ISL72506.htm)

### Related:

1. [Russia, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan agree to step up the fight against terrorism and narcotics in a summit in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. ](/news/2010/08/18/russia-afghanistan-tajikistan-and-pakistan-agree-to-step-up-the-fight-against-terrorism-and-narcotics-in-a-summit-in-the-russian-black-sea.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, terrorism_
2. [ Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security eliminates a Pakistani terrorist cell responsible for at least six suicide bombings in Kabul. ](/news/2009/02/3/afghanistan-s-national-directorate-of-security-eliminates-a-pakistani-terrorist-cell-responsible-for-at-least-six-suicide-bombings-in-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, terrorism_
3. [ A United States Predator drone launches a missile strike on a Pakistani madrassa killing six people reportedly including al-Qaeda member Abu Khabab al-Masri.](/news/2008/07/28/a-united-states-predator-drone-launches-a-missile-strike-on-a-pakistani-madrassa-killing-six-people-reportedly-including-al-qaeda-member-ab.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda, madrassa_
4. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
5. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
6. [ The Prince of Wales's controversial visit today to a madrassa in the Pakistani town of Peshawar, bordering Afghanistan has been cancelled over fears for his safety, after calls by Islamic leaders for revenge for a Pakistani airstrike that destroyed another religious school about 60 miles away. ](/news/2006/10/31/the-prince-of-walesas-controversial-visit-today-to-a-madrassa-in-the-pakistani-town-of-peshawar-bordering-afghanistan-has-been-cancelled.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, madrassa_
7. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani officials confirm that a strike on a madrassah was based on United States intelligence that senior members of al-Qaeda were hiding there. The attack has generated protests by religious and tribal leaders in Pakistan. ](/news/2006/10/31/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-officials-confirm-that-a-strike-on-a-madrassah-was-based-on-united-states-intelligence-that-senior-members-of.md) _Context: Chenagai airstrike, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
8. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
9. [ Fighting breaks out between Pakistani and al-Qaeda fighters near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. ](/news/2004/04/18/fighting-breaks-out-between-pakistani-and-al-qaeda-fighters-near-the-pakistan-afghanistan-border.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
10. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Afghanistan, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
