### [2006-10-30](/news/2006/10/30/index.md)

#  President of Bulgaria Georgi Parvanov is reelected after a run-off election with Volen Siderov in the presidential elections. 




### Source:

1. [EITB](http://www.eitb24.com/portal/eitb24/noticia/en/international-news/runoff-election--bulgarias-pro-western-president-wins-an-easy-vic?itemId=B24_18004&cl=%2Feitb24%2Finternacional&idioma=en)

### Related:

1. [ In Bulgaria, Bulgarian Socialist Party fails to form a government due to hung parliament. President Georgi Parvanov approaches the National Movement Simeon II of former king Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha ](/news/2005/07/28/in-bulgaria-bulgarian-socialist-party-fails-to-form-a-government-due-to-hung-parliament-president-georgi-parvanov-approaches-the-national.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Georgi Parvanov_
2. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Georgi Parvanov_
3. [Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. ](/news/2017/05/23/scientists-discover-7-2-million-year-old-pre-human-remains-in-the-balkans-area-near-bulgaria-and-greece.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
5. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
6. [At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a-train-carrying-propane-and.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
7. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November. ](/news/2016/11/6/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate-receiving-the-majority-necessary-to-win.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
8. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS "Porter". The USS "Porter" arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-porter.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
10. [At least one person is reportedly killed after Bulgarian border guards open fire on a group of illegal migrants after they attempted to cross the border from Turkey. The incident happened near the southeastern town of Sredets. ](/news/2015/10/15/at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-after-bulgarian-border-guards-open-fire-on-a-group-of-illegal-migrants-after-they-attempted-to-cros.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
