### [2013-02-22](/news/2013/02/22/index.md)

# Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. 

President Obama and Japan&#39;s Prime Minister have a lot to talk about on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/23/us-usa-japan-idUSBRE91M00O20130223)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2013/02/21/obama-abe-japanese-prime-minister/1937383/)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Obama and Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso pledge to cooperate in stimulating economic demand and combating protectionism. ](/news/2009/02/24/u-s-president-obama-and-japanese-prime-minister-taro-aso-pledge-to-cooperate-in-stimulating-economic-demand-and-combating-protectionism.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Japan, Prime Minister, U.S., U.S. President_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, People's Republic of China, U.S., U.S. President_
3. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: Barack Obama, People's Republic of China, U.S., U.S. President_
4. [A day after Sunday's  trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe  are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met  in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minis.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
5. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
6. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President, White House_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama presents a Medal of Honor, the highest United States military decoration to  Staff Sgt Salvatore Giunta at the White House. ](/news/2010/11/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-presents-a-medal-of-honor-the-highest-united-states-military-decoration-to-staff-sgt-salva.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President, White House_
8. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President, White House_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President, White House_
10. [ U.S. President Barack Obama arranged a meeting with police officer Sgt. James Crowley and African American public intellectual Henry Louis Gates at the White House in a bid to quell a dispute over racial profiling that arose from an altercation between the two of them. ](/news/2009/07/30/u-s-president-barack-obama-arranged-a-meeting-with-police-officer-sgt-james-crowley-and-african-american-public-intellectual-henry-louis.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President, White House_
