### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# A United Nations rights investigator raises concern whether Myanmar's election, scheduled for November 8, 2015, could be considered free and fair because dozens of candidates have been disqualified and hundreds of thousands of people denied the right to vote. 

On November 8, Myanmar will hold its first free national elections in twenty-five years. If the vote goes smoothly and...


### Source:

1. [Council on Foreign Relations](http://blogs.cfr.org/asia/2015/10/28/will-irregularities-and-fraud-spoil-myanmars-election/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/28/us-myanmar-election-un-idUSKCN0SM2W420151028)
2. [Cover Image](http://blogs.cfr.org/asia/files/2015/10/myanmar-election-NLD-rally.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: election_
2. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-hti.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
3. [Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military chief, pledges to work with the new civilian government that takes over the Southeast Asian country next week, after 54 years of direct or indirect rule by the military. ](/news/2016/03/27/senior-general-min-aung-hlaing-myanmar-s-military-chief-pledges-to-work-with-the-new-civilian-government-that-takes-over-the-southeast-asi.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
4. [Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. ](/news/2016/03/24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-and-17-other-nominees-to-positions-in-the-incoming-government-s-ca.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
5. [The United Nations Commission on Human Rights releases a report stating that at least 18,802 civilians have been killed and another 36,245 wounded between 1 January 2014 and 31 October 2015. Of these, 3,855 civilians were killed and 7,056 wounded between 1 May and 31 October 2015, with approximately half of these deaths occurring in Baghdad. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-united-nations-commission-on-human-rights-releases-a-report-stating-that-at-least-18-802-civilians-have-been-killed-and-another-36-245-w.md) _Context: United Nations Commission on Human Rights_
6. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
7. [Myanmar's ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) concedes defeat in Sunday's first free nationwide election in a quarter of a century. Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD), which has won 49 of the first 54 declared seats for the 330-seat lower house, appears headed for a landslide victory that would ensure it forms the next government. ](/news/2015/11/9/myanmar-s-ruling-union-solidarity-and-development-party-usdp-concedes-defeat-in-sunday-s-first-free-nationwide-election-in-a-quarter-of-a.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
8. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
9. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
10. [Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her-national-league-for-democracy-p.md) _Context: Myanmar general election, 2015_
