### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group -- based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border -- is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as  four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. 

A massive twin bombing in the Turkish capital Ankara this month that killed 102 people was ordered by the terrorist Islamic State group, prosecutors said today.


### Source:

1. [AFP via NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/world-news/ankara-bombings-were-ordered-by-islamic-state-turkish-prosecutors-1237404)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/8b5b07e7a39b47e387865f352d2a6812/prosecutors-local-cell-behind-ankara-peace-rally-attacks)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
2. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Ankara, Syria, Turkish_
3. [A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-during-a-police-raid.md) _Context: Gaziantep, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkish_
4. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
5. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
6. [Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-person-and-injuring.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
7. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
9. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Turkish_
10. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: 2015 Ankara bombings, Ankara, Turkish_
