### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Censorship in Turkey. Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said -We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists- seats-just like junta periods, this is called a police state-. 

Turkish authorities on Wednesday seized control of two television stations that have been critical of the government before an election Sunday, as officials expanded a probe of what they allege is a coup plot against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.


### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/turkey-police-raid-tv-stations-of-government-critics-1446038925)
2. [Today's Zaman](http://www.todayszaman.com/national_police-forcibly-cut-broadcast-of-bugun-tv-and-kanalturk-after-seizure-of-koza-i-pek_402784.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: CHP, Turkey, ruling party_
2. [ A death threat was mailed by PKK to CHP, MHP, DYP and AKP to withdraw their Van and Hakk-ri candidates to the 2007 general election in Turkey. ](/news/2007/05/14/a-death-threat-was-mailed-by-pkk-to-chp-mhp-dyp-and-akp-to-withdraw-their-van-and-hakk-ri-candidates-to-the-2007-general-election-in-turk.md) _Context: CHP, Turkey, ruling party_
3. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017. Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: CHP, Turkey_
4. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: CHP, Turkey_
5. [Turkey-United States relations. The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
6. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016. Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
7. [ PKK rebellion (2015-present). Authorities in Turkey arrest three academics on charges of "terrorist propaganda" after they called for an end to security operations in the country's Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/03/16/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-authorities-in-turkey-arrest-three-academics-on-charges-of-terrorist-propaganda-after-they-called-for-an.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
8. [Turkish general election, November 2015. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) wins Sunday's snap election with more than 49 percent of the vote. AKP, projected to get 316 seats in the 550-seat parliament, regains single-party rule just five months after losing it. ](/news/2015/11/1/turkish-general-election-november-2015-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-ruling-justice-and-development-party-akp-wins-sunday-s.md) _Context: Turkish general election, November 2015, ruling party_
9. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Turkish police detain two British journalists from "Vice News" covering unrest in southeastern Turkey. ](/news/2015/08/28/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkish-police-detain-two-british-journalists-from-vice-news-covering-unrest-in-southeastern-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
10. [Turkish general election, June 2015. Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a general election with the ruling AKP seeking enough votes to enable them to change the constitution. However, early projections show that they will lose their majority in the new parliament. ](/news/2015/06/7/turkish-general-election-june-2015-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ruling-akp-seeking-enough-votes-to-ena.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
