### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Dennis Hastert, former United States Speaker of the House of Representatives (1999-2007), pleaded guilty to a federal financial crime in a hush money case stemming from sexual misconduct allegations. The sentencing hearing is scheduled for February 29, 2016. The crime carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and $250,000 fine. Prosecutors recommend zero to six months imprisonment. 

Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert pleaded guilty on Wednesday to a federal financial crime in a hush-money case stemming from allegations of sexual misconduct, marking the dramatic downfall of a once powerful politician.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/timeline-events-dennis-hasterts-life-career-34799633)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/28/us-usa-crime-hastert-idUSKCN0SM17Z20151028)

### Related:

1. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is sentenced to 15 months in prison for breaking banking laws in order to make payments to cover sexual misconduct from past decades. ](/news/2016/04/27/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-sentenced-to-15-months-in-prison-for-breaking-banking-laws-in.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is indicted for allegedly trying to evade banking reporting requirements and lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigations. ](/news/2015/05/28/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-indicted-for-allegedly-trying-to-evade-banking-reporting-requ.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
3. [ Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert sits down with ethics investigators trying to determine when he and his staff learned about ex-Rep. Mark Foley's come-ons to former male pages and what they did to stop it. ](/news/2006/10/24/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-sits-down-with-ethics-investigators-trying-to-determine-when-he-and-hi.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [ The ABC News claims that Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is under investigation for corruption, but the Justice Department issues a denial. ](/news/2006/05/24/the-abc-news-claims-that-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-under-investigation-for-corruption-but-th.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
5. [ Dennis Hastert becomes Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.](/news/1999/01/6/dennis-hastert-becomes-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
6. [  Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, rules out seeking or accepting the Republican Party nomination in 2016. ](/news/2016/04/12/paul-ryan-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-rules-out-seeking-or-accepting-the-republican-party-nomination-in-2016.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
7. [G7 foreign ministers meetingJohn Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers,  laid wreaths   at  Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry  is  the first Secretary of State  to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meetingpjohn-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-p.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
8. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: term_
9. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
10. [The U.S. House of Representatives elects Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as the 62nd Speaker of the House replacing John Boehner of Ohio. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-elects-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-as-the-62nd-speaker-of-the-house-replacing-john-boehner-of-ohio.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
