### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/29/us/politics/republicans-paul-ryan-house-speaker.html)

### Related:

1. [Paul Ryan announces that he will run to succeed outgoing Speaker of the United States House of Representatives John Boehner after receiving the support of a significant majority of members of the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/paul-ryan-announces-that-he-will-run-to-succeed-outgoing-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-john-boehner-after-receiving.md) _Context: John Boehner, Paul Ryan, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: John Boehner, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2016. Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, rules out seeking or accepting the Republican Party nomination in 2016. ](/news/2016/04/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-paul-ryan-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-rules-out-seeking-or-accepting.md) _Context: Paul Ryan, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
5. [Speaker of the United States House of Representatives election, October 2015. The U.S. House of Representatives elects Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as the 62nd Speaker of the House replacing John Boehner of Ohio. ](/news/2015/10/29/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-election-october-2015-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-elects-paul-ryan-of-wisconsi.md) _Context: John Boehner, Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
6. [John Boehner schedules his resignation from the position of Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and from Congress for the end of October. ](/news/2015/09/25/john-boehner-schedules-his-resignation-from-the-position-of-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-from-congress-for-the.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The US Congress re-elects John Boehner to his third term as Speaker. ](/news/2015/01/6/the-us-congress-re-elects-john-boehner-to-his-third-term-as-speaker.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Paul Ryan, Republican, Wisconsin_
9. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
