### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. 

Austria plans to build a fence at the main border crossing used by migrants entering from Slovenia, as Germany toughens its line on failed asylum seekers.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/ebe3ccdeca96427885e37713a88d8e73/latest-sweden-keep-asylum-centers-secret)
2. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/latest-sweden-asylum-centers-secret-34786612)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34657187)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Balkan, Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
2. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Balkan, Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
3. [Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the-balkan-route-for-migrant.md) _Context: Balkan, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
4. [Slovenia tightens controls over its Schengen border with Croatia due to concerns of an influx of migrants. ](/news/2015/11/9/slovenia-tightens-controls-over-its-schengen-border-with-croatia-due-to-concerns-of-an-influx-of-migrants.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
5. [Authorities in Slovenia say around 2,000 migrants from a refugee camp at the Croatian border are traveling in four trains toward Austria, three to the overloaded crossing at Sentilj and the other to Jesenice. ](/news/2015/10/22/authorities-in-slovenia-say-around-2-000-migrants-from-a-refugee-camp-at-the-croatian-border-are-traveling-in-four-trains-toward-austria-th.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
6. [The first migrants reach Slovenia after the border between Hungary and Croatia is closed. ](/news/2015/10/17/the-first-migrants-reach-slovenia-after-the-border-between-hungary-and-croatia-is-closed.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
7. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Balkan, European migrant crisis_
8. [Slovenia announces that it will be clamping down on the number of migrants that it will allow to enter the country. ](/news/2016/02/14/slovenia-announces-that-it-will-be-clamping-down-on-the-number-of-migrants-that-it-will-allow-to-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
9. [Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-entering-the-central-europ.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
10. [Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will 'start falling apart' within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turkey-did-not-attend-the-pri.md) _Context: Balkan, European migrant crisis_
