### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Suspected Boko Haram militants kill 14 civilians in the southeast Diffa Region of Niger near the Nigerian border. The Nigerien government recently approved a law prolonging a 15-day state of emergency for the Diffa region by three months in a bid to boost security. 

Suspected Boko Haram militants killed at least 14 people in an overnight attack on a village in southeastern Niger, security sources said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/28/us-nigeria-boko-haram-idUSKCN0SM13920151028?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attacked-the-village-of-ngoub.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger, Nigeria_
2. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
3. [Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-estimated-82-schoolgirls-who-were-among-about-220-kidnapp.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
4. [ President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants-from-their-last-stron.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
5. [The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-are-tied-to-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
6. [Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least eight people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/10/29/suspected-boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-eight-people-in-the-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
7. [Clashes near the village of Toumour in Niger's southeast Diffa Region kill at least 30 Boko Haram militants and five Niger Armed Forces soldiers. ](/news/2016/09/14/clashes-near-the-village-of-toumour-in-niger-s-southeast-diffa-region-kill-at-least-30-boko-haram-militants-and-five-niger-armed-forces-sold.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Diffa Region_
8. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
9. [Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. ](/news/2016/06/26/fighting-in-various-remote-villages-in-the-borno-state-of-nigeria-kill-at-least-one-civilian-and-six-boko-haram-militants-according-to-the.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
10. [According to Medecins Sans Frontieres, more than 1,200 people have died of starvation and illness at a refugee camp for those fleeing Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/06/23/according-to-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-more-than-1-200-people-have-died-of-starvation-and-illness-at-a-refugee-camp-for-those-fleeing-boko.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
