### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Taliban insurgents seize the Darqad District in the northeast Takhar Province near the border with Tajikistan. At least six Afghan troops are killed in the fighting. 

Taliban insurgents overran a district in one of the northern Afghan provinces hit by a powerful earthquake this week, underlining the security problems that have hampered efforts to get emergency relief to remote mountainous regions.


### Source:

1. [AP via The Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3293022/Taliban-overrun-remote-northern-district-Afghanistan.html)
2. [Military Times](http://www.militarytimes.com/story/military/2015/10/27/britain-keep-450-troops-afghanistan-through-2016/74672412/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/28/us-afghanistan-quake-idUSKCN0SM0JH20151028?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [The Afghanistan defense ministry reports its forces have recaptured  Darqad District in northern Takhar Province. According to the ministry, twenty Taliban militants and one Afghan soldier were killed in two days of fighting. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-afghanistan-defense-ministry-reports-its-forces-have-recaptured-darqad-district-in-northern-takhar-province-according-to-the-ministry.md) _Context: Darqad District, Takhar Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghan Armed Forces, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [Several Sangin security force members are killed by Taliban suicide attacks, using captured military Humvee vehicles, in the southern Afghan province of Helmand. ](/news/2016/02/13/several-sangin-security-force-members-are-killed-by-taliban-suicide-attacks-using-captured-military-humvee-vehicles-in-the-southern-afghan.md) _Context: Afghan Armed Forces, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in.md) _Context: Afghan Armed Forces, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [The Taliban kill 22 policemen and kidnap 19 others, including the district's security chief, during clashes with Afghan troops who kill 12 of the insurgents in the battle in Faryab Province in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-taliban-kill-22-policemen-and-kidnap-19-others-including-the-districtas-security-chief-during-clashes-with-afghan-troops-who-kill-12.md) _Context: Afghan Armed Forces, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-killing-at-least-15-soldiers.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [At least 16 people were killed and 40 more  wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliban-claimed-responsibility-for-the-att.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
