### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow.  Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/official-nullifies-results-zanzibar-presidential-poll-34788022)
2. [Mail & Guardian Africa](http://mgafrica.com/article/2015-10-28-zanzibar-vote-annulled-in-tanzania-elections)
3. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/10/28/tanzania-election-idINKCN0SM1J020151028)

### Related:

1. [The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-millennium-challenge-corporation-a-united-states-foreign-aid-agency-pulls-472m-of-funding-for-a-tanzanian-electricity-project-after-c.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, U.S., Zanzibar_
2. [Voters in Tanzania, including  Tanganyika and semi-autonomous Zanzibar, which also elects its own government, go to the polls for an election with the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (Revolutionary Party) facing the greatest challenge to its dominance in over 50 years. ](/news/2015/10/25/voters-in-tanzania-including-tanganyika-and-semi-autonomous-zanzibar-which-also-elects-its-own-government-go-to-the-polls-for-an-electio.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, Zanzibar, semi-autonomous_
3. [A rerun of Zanzibar's presidential election takes place amid an opposition boycott. The election originally occurred at the same time as Tanzania's general election in 2015 but was annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/20/a-rerun-of-zanzibar-s-presidential-election-takes-place-amid-an-opposition-boycott-the-election-originally-occurred-at-the-same-time-as-tan.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, Zanzibar_
4. [Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-awaiting-trial-for-allegedly-plotting-the.md) _Context: Tanzania, U.S._
5. [78 people are killed and 66 are reported missing after the MV Skagit, a ferry carrying 280 people sinks off the coast of Zanzibar on its way from Tanzania. ](/news/2012/07/18/78-people-are-killed-and-66-are-reported-missing-after-the-mv-skagit-a-ferry-carrying-280-people-sinks-off-the-coast-of-zanzibar-on-its-way.md) _Context: Tanzania, Zanzibar_
6. [Salum Khalfani Bar'wani of the opposition Civic United Front party is elected as a Member of Parliament, the first albino to serve elective office in Tanzania. ](/news/2010/11/2/salum-khalfani-bar-wani-of-the-opposition-civic-united-front-party-is-elected-as-a-member-of-parliament-the-first-albino-to-serve-elective.md) _Context: Civic United Front, Tanzania_
7. [The first civilian trial of a person formerly imprisoned by the United States in Guantanamo Bay begins in New York. According to his lawyers Ahmed Ghailani of Tanzania was tortured. ](/news/2010/10/6/the-first-civilian-trial-of-a-person-formerly-imprisoned-by-the-united-states-in-guanta-namo-bay-begins-in-new-york-according-to-his-lawyer.md) _Context: Tanzania, U.S._
8. [ In Zanzibar, an electoral commission accepts Seif Shariff Hamad, secretary general of the opposition party Civic United Front, as a legitimate voter and therefore eligible candidate. ](/news/2005/04/21/in-zanzibar-an-electoral-commission-accepts-seif-shariff-hamad-secretary-general-of-the-opposition-party-civic-united-front-as-a-legitim.md) _Context: Civic United Front, Zanzibar_
9. [U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: U.S._
