### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

#  The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. 

Japan invalidated a decision by Okinawa’s governor to stop landfill work for a controversial expansion of a U.S. base, in a move that is likely to reignite protests by islanders against the central government in Tokyo and the Obama administration.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg Business](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-27/japan-overturns-move-to-block-expansion-of-u-s-base-in-okinawa)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Okinawa, Japan, go to the polls to elect the members of the next Okinawa Prefectural Assembly. The election results give the camp supporting Governor Takeshi Onaga a clear majority in the assembly. Onaga is opposed to the central government's plan to relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago. ](/news/2016/06/5/voters-in-okinawa-japan-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-members-of-the-next-okinawa-prefectural-assembly-the-election-results-give-the-camp.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
2. [Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor's authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. ](/news/2015/12/2/hearings-begin-in-the-legal-battle-between-the-japanese-government-and-local-officials-in-okinawa-over-plans-to-move-a-u-s-military-air-bas.md) _Context: Japanese government, Takeshi Onaga_
3. [The Japanese government officially sues the governor of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, over his denial of permits to allow work to begin on the Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-japanese-government-officially-sues-the-governor-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-over-his-denial-of-permits-to-allow-work-to-begin-on-the-rel.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
4. [The Governor of the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, revokes permission given by a predecessor for landfill work to replace a United States Marine Corps base. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-governor-of-the-japanese-prefecture-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-revokes-permission-given-by-a-predecessor-for-landfill-work-to-replace-a.md) _Context: Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga_
5. [22,000 residents of the Japanese island of Okinawa file suit demanding the closure of the Kadena United States Airforce base at night and demand compensation from the Government of Japan. ](/news/2011/04/29/22-000-residents-of-the-japanese-island-of-okinawa-file-suit-demanding-the-closure-of-the-kadena-united-states-airforce-base-at-night-and-de.md) _Context: Japanese government, Okinawa_
6. [The U.S. military restricts off-base alcohol consumption in Okinawa until July 24 after the arrest of a former Marine suspected of murder. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-u-s-military-restricts-off-base-alcohol-consumption-in-okinawa-until-july-24-after-the-arrest-of-a-former-marine-suspected-of-murder.md) _Context: Okinawa_
7. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: U.S. military_
8. [Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga says he "cannot comply with the recommendation" from Tokyo's Land Minister Keiichi Ishii, and will not retract his revocation of a U.S. military base relocation permit. ](/news/2015/11/6/okinawa-governor-takeshi-onaga-says-he-cannot-comply-with-the-recommendation-from-tokyo-s-land-minister-keiichi-ishii-and-will-not-retrac.md) _Context: Takeshi Onaga_
9. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: Japanese government_
10. [Convictions for sex offenses against minors accounts for the largest group of military inmates in U.S. military prisons. ](/news/2015/11/19/convictions-for-sex-offenses-against-minors-accounts-for-the-largest-group-of-military-inmates-in-u-s-military-prisons.md) _Context: U.S. military_
