### [2015-10-28](/news/2015/10/28/index.md)

# The World Health Organization reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. 

Tuberculosis has surpassed HIV as the leading global cause of death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Health_News/2015/10/28/WHO-Tuberculosis-passes-HIV-as-leading-global-cause-of-death/7391446056825/?spt=hs&or=hn)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/i/7391446056825/2015/1/14460635293648/v2.1/WHO-Tuberculosis-passes-HIV-as-leading-global-cause-of-death.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy and recommends preventative treatment for all at "substantial risk" of infection. Previously, the UN health agency had recommended to physicians that the threshold for patient intervention was the presentation of symptoms. ](/news/2015/10/1/the-world-health-organization-who-recommends-everyone-diagnosed-with-hiv-immediately-receive-antiretroviral-therapy-and-recommends-prevent.md) _Context: HIV, World Health Organization_
2. [ The World Health Organization states that tuberculosis cases in some African countries have tripled since 1990. There are also resistant strains of tuberculosis in Russia. ](/news/2005/03/24/the-world-health-organization-states-that-tuberculosis-cases-in-some-african-countries-have-tripled-since-1990-there-are-also-resistant-st.md) _Context: World Health Organization, tuberculosis_
3. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
5. [A girl born with HIV, who was started on HIV drugs when she was 2 months old and stopped 40 weeks later, is virtually-free of the virus even after no further treatment. ](/news/2017/07/24/a-girl-born-with-hiv-who-was-started-on-hiv-drugs-when-she-was-2-months-old-and-stopped-40-weeks-later-is-virtually-free-of-the-virus-even.md) _Context: HIV_
6. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: HIV_
