### [2004-03-5](/news/2004/03/5/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: The Wisconsin State Assembly approves state constitution amendment (voted 68-27) to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. The Kansas House passes, by 88 votes to 36, a proposed amendment. 




### Source:

1. [Pittsburg KS Morning Sun](http://morningsun.net/stories/022704/loc_20040227018.shtml)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2004-03-05-gay-marriage_x.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Oregon's attorney general issues his opinion on same-sex marriage within Oregon. He concludes that current state law prohibits issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, but that the Oregon Supreme Court is likely to conclude those statutes violate the state's constitution. The Wisconsin State Senate approves state constitution amendment to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. ](/news/2004/03/12/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-oregon-s-attorney-general-issues-his-opinion-on-same-sex-marriage-within-oregon-he-concludes-that.md) _Context: bans, civil union, homosexuality, partnership, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: civil union, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
3. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: civil union, same-sex marriage_
4. [ Two Argentine men become the first gay couple to legally marry in Latin America at a civil ceremony. ](/news/2009/12/28/two-argentine-men-become-the-first-gay-couple-to-legally-marry-in-latin-america-at-a-civil-ceremony.md) _Context: homosexuality, same-sex marriage_
5. [ New Jersey Governor Jon S. Corzine signs a bill granting civil unions to same-sex couples, with all the rights and privileges of marriage. New Jersey becomes the third U.S. state to offer civil unions, and the fifth to offer some version of marriage to gay couples. ](/news/2006/12/21/new-jersey-governor-jon-s-corzine-signs-a-bill-granting-civil-unions-to-same-sex-couples-with-all-the-rights-and-privileges-of-marriage.md) _Context: civil union, same-sex marriage_
6. [ Same sex marriage debate: The top legislative body of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) is set to take key votes this week on ordaining gays and blessing same-sex unions. Conflicts over what the Bible says about homosexuality have been tearing at Protestant denominations for years. ](/news/2005/08/8/same-sex-marriage-debate-the-top-legislative-body-of-the-evangelical-lutheran-church-in-america-elca-is-set-to-take-key-votes-this-week.md) _Context: homosexuality, same-sex marriage_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The New York State Supreme Court rules that the state's ban on same-sex marriage violates the state constitution. The decision is stayed for 30 days. ](/news/2005/02/4/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-new-york-state-supreme-court-rules-that-the-state-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-violates-the-state.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
8. [ Civil unions in New Zealand: Parliament passes civil union legislation by 65 votes to 55. The new law provides a way for "de facto" couples, including same-sex couples, to gain legal recognition of their relationships, but stops short of same-sex marriage. ](/news/2004/12/8/civil-unions-in-new-zealand-parliament-passes-civil-union-legislation-by-65-votes-to-55-the-new-law-provides-a-way-for-de-facto-couples.md) _Context: civil union, same-sex marriage_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Commissioners of Multnomah County, Oregon, dismiss state attorney general Hardy Myers' non-binding opinion that same-sex marriages are illegal and vow to continue issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/03/15/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-commissioners-of-multnomah-county-oregon-dismiss-state-attorney-general-hardy-myers-non-binding.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Massachusetts: The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, the state supreme court of Massachusetts, issues a response to a Massachusetts Senate question about instituting civil unions, such as the civil unions on Vermont, would meet the requirements of the 4-3 decision in "Goodridge v. Department of Public Health" issued in November 2003. The Court responds that such civil unions would not be sufficient to comply with "Goodridge", in which the Court held that not allowing same-sex couples to marry violated the Massachusetts Constitution. White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan states that the Bush administration is reviewing the decision, that the Court's ruling is "deeply troubling", and that President Bush is "firmly committed to protecting and defending" marriage.](/news/2004/02/4/same-sex-marriage-in-massachusetts-the-massachusetts-supreme-judicial-court-the-state-supreme-court-of-massachusetts-issues-a-response-t.md) _Context: civil union, same-sex marriage_
