### [2004-03-5](/news/2004/03/5/index.md)

#  The Philadelphia Flyers and Ottawa Senators set a National Hockey League single-game record with 419 combined penalty minutes, due to a brawl involving all six players (including the goalies) on both teams. The Flyers also set a team record for most team penalty minutes in a game with 213.




### Related:

1. [The Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Philadelphia Flyers 4-3 in overtime to win the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals in six games. Blackhawks' captain Jonathan Toews is awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as Most Valuable Player. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-philadelphia-flyers-4-3-in-overtime-to-win-the-2010-stanley-cup-finals-in-six-games-blackhawks-captain-j.md) _Context: Philadelphia Flyers_
2. [ The New Jersey Devils' Martin Brodeur passes Patrick Roy to becomes the National Hockey League's winningest goaltender. ](/news/2009/03/17/the-new-jersey-devils-martin-brodeur-passes-patrick-roy-to-becomes-the-national-hockey-league-s-winningest-goaltender.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
3. [ Washington Capitals forward Alexander Ovechkin wins the Hart Memorial Trophy as most valuable player for the National Hockey League 2007-2008 season as well as the Art Ross Trophy for most points and the Rocket Richard Trophy for top goal scorer. ](/news/2008/06/12/washington-capitals-forward-alexander-ovechkin-wins-the-hart-memorial-trophy-as-most-valuable-player-for-the-national-hockey-league-2007-20.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
4. [ The Anaheim Ducks defeat the Ottawa Senators to win the Stanley Cup in five games. ](/news/2007/06/6/the-anaheim-ducks-defeat-the-ottawa-senators-to-win-the-stanley-cup-in-five-games.md) _Context: Ottawa Senators_
5. [ Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins wins the Hart Memorial Trophy as the National Hockey League's most valuable player during the 2006&ndash;07 season in the annual NHL awards. ](/news/2007/06/14/sidney-crosby-of-the-pittsburgh-penguins-wins-the-hart-memorial-trophy-as-the-national-hockey-league-s-most-valuable-player-during-the-2006.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
6. [ Ice hockey: The 2007 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs begin. The inaugural matchup features the Pittsburgh Penguins visiting the Ottawa Senators at Scotiabank Place in Ottawa, Ontario.](/news/2007/04/11/ice-hockey-the-2007-nhl-stanley-cup-playoffs-begin-the-inaugural-matchup-features-the-pittsburgh-penguins-visiting-the-ottawa-senators-at.md) _Context: Ottawa Senators_
7. [ The 2005-2006 National Hockey League playoffs started.](/news/2006/04/21/the-2005a2006-national-hockey-league-playoffs-started.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
8. [ National Hockey League great Wayne Gretzky has denied placing any bets with an illegal sport gambling operation. ](/news/2006/02/10/national-hockey-league-great-wayne-gretzky-has-denied-placing-any-bets-with-an-illegal-sport-gambling-operation.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
9. [ The National Hockey League returns after a year-long lockout. Opening night featured all 30 teams in action, including Sidney Crosby's debut against the New Jersey Devils and Alexander Ovechkin's debut against the Columbus Blue Jackets where he scored 2 goals.](/news/2005/10/5/the-national-hockey-league-returns-after-a-year-long-lockout-opening-night-featured-all-30-teams-in-action-including-sidney-crosby-s-debu.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
10. [ National Hockey League hockey player Todd Bertuzzi is suspended for the remainder of the season and for the entire Stanley Cup playoffs for his hit on Steve Moore, which left him with two broken vertebrae in his neck. The Vancouver police department is also looking into the incident. ](/news/2004/03/10/national-hockey-league-hockey-player-todd-bertuzzi-is-suspended-for-the-remainder-of-the-season-and-for-the-entire-stanley-cup-playoffs-for.md) _Context: National Hockey League_
