### [2004-07-22](/news/2004/07/22/index.md)

#  Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's cabinet shuffle two days earlier, Leader of the Opposition Stephen Harper announces a reshuffled Conservative Shadow Cabinet. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2004/07/22/tory_shadow040722.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Leader of the Opposition, Paul Martin, Stephen Harper_
2. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
3. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government. Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
4. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
5. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
6. [ Former Canadian cabinet minister Alfonso Gagliano vehemently denies he has any links with New York's Bonanno crime family, as was reported on November 17 in the "New York Daily News". The issue is raised by Opposition Leader Stephen Harper in the House of Commons, where Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin also denies knowing of any links between the Sicilian-born Gagliano and organized crime. ](/news/2004/11/18/former-canadian-cabinet-minister-alfonso-gagliano-vehemently-denies-he-has-any-links-with-new-york-s-bonanno-crime-family-as-was-reported.md) _Context: Leader of the Opposition, Paul Martin, Stephen Harper_
7. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
8. [A Canadian House of Commons committee tables a report recommending that the Conservative government of Stephen Harper be found in contempt of parliament. ](/news/2011/03/21/a-canadian-house-of-commons-committee-tables-a-report-recommending-that-the-conservative-government-of-stephen-harper-be-found-in-contempt-o.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
9. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper appoints five new Senators. ](/news/2010/01/29/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-appoints-five-new-senators.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
10. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
