### [2004-07-22](/news/2004/07/22/index.md)

#  In the United States, the 9/11 Commission releases 




### Source:

1. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=04/07/23/1336253)
2. [its unanimous final report](http://www.9-11commission.gov/report/911Report.pdf)

### Related:

1. [ The 9/11 Commission releases a transcript of the hijackers' conversation in the final moments of United Airlines Flight 93, which details how the hijackers forced the plane into the ground in Pennsylvania. ](/news/2004/07/22/the-9-11-commission-releases-a-transcript-of-the-hijackers-conversation-in-the-final-moments-of-united-airlines-flight-93-which-details-h.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
2. [ Sandy Berger resigns as a foreign affairs advisor to John Kerry's presidential campaign after it is reported that Berger was under investigation for allegedly illegally taking classified documents belonging to the U.S. National Archives, intended for review by the 9/11 Commission, related to the Clinton administration's handling of millennium terror threats. ](/news/2004/07/20/sandy-berger-resigns-as-a-foreign-affairs-advisor-to-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-after-it-is-reported-that-berger-was-under-investig.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
3. [ The US's 9/11 Commission states that although meetings between al Qaeda representatives and Iraqi government officials had taken place, it has found "no credible evidence" of a "collaborative relationship" between Saddam Hussein's Iraq and al Qaeda in the 9/11 attacks or in any other strike against U.S. interests. It also finds that the original plan involved ten jets and that there was dispute within the terrorist network about its implementation until only shortly before September 11. ](/news/2004/06/16/the-us-s-9-11-commission-states-that-although-meetings-between-al-qaeda-representatives-and-iraqi-government-officials-had-taken-place-it.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
4. [ US National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice testifies before the September 11 Commission. Rice states President George W. Bush understood threat from al-Qaeda before September 11. She asserts "the terrorists were at war with us, but we were not yet at war with them." She also says that President George W. Bush came into office in 2001 determined to develop a "more robust" policy to combat Al-Qaida. The commission asks the White House to declassify a key August 2001 document entitled ""Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US"". ](/news/2004/04/8/us-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-testifies-before-the-september-11-commission-rice-states-president-george-w-bush-understood.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
5. [ 9-11 Commission member Jamie S. Gorelick receives death threats after allegations that her actions to keep law-enforcement from using military intelligence may have contributed to lapses leading to the attacks. Meanwhile, the "Washington Times" reports allegations by former FBI Director Thomas J. Pickard that Gorelick resisted efforts by the FBI to expand the counterterrorism effort beyond simple law enforcement tactics and agencies. ](/news/2004/04/18/9-11-commission-member-jamie-s-gorelick-receives-death-threats-after-allegations-that-her-actions-to-keep-law-enforcement-from-using-milit.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
6. [ John Ashcroft tells the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States that he blames former president Bill Clinton for intelligence failures and Jamie S. Gorelick for organizational failures leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2004/04/14/john-ashcroft-tells-the-national-commission-on-terrorist-attacks-upon-the-united-states-that-he-blames-former-president-bill-clinton-for-in.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
7. [ A provisional report from the September 11 Commission states that the FBI was hampered in its fight against terrorism by poor intelligence, insufficient staffing and resources and a bureaucratic culture. ](/news/2004/04/13/a-provisional-report-from-the-september-11-commission-states-that-the-fbi-was-hampered-in-its-fight-against-terrorism-by-poor-intelligence.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
8. [ Responding to requests by the September 11th Commission, the White House releases a newly declassified President's Daily Brief from a month before the September 11, 2001 attacks warning of possible al-Qaeda activity, including planned hijackings, within the United States. ](/news/2004/04/10/responding-to-requests-by-the-september-11th-commission-the-white-house-releases-a-newly-declassified-president-s-daily-brief-from-a-month.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
9. [ John Kerry joins other Democrats calling for National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice to testify before the September 11 commission and states the White House should learn from President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's openness during an inquiry after Pearl Harbor. ](/news/2004/03/27/john-kerry-joins-other-democrats-calling-for-national-security-advisor-condoleezza-rice-to-testify-before-the-september-11-commission-and-s.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
10. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission_
