### [2004-07-22](/news/2004/07/22/index.md)

#  Police seal off the Washington, DC, office building housing John Kerry's presidential campaign headquarters after an envelope containing a suspicious white powder is opened by a Kerry staff member. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/wire/Politics/ap20040722_1880.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
2. [ Sandy Berger resigns as a foreign affairs advisor to John Kerry's presidential campaign after it is reported that Berger was under investigation for allegedly illegally taking classified documents belonging to the U.S. National Archives, intended for review by the 9/11 Commission, related to the Clinton administration's handling of millennium terror threats. ](/news/2004/07/20/sandy-berger-resigns-as-a-foreign-affairs-advisor-to-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-after-it-is-reported-that-berger-was-under-investig.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
3. [ 48 Nobel laureates endorse John Kerry as they think that he would increase the prosperity, health, environment, and security of Americans. They criticize the Bush administration for reducing funding for scientific research, setting restrictions on stem cell research, ignoring scientific consensus on critical issues such as global warming, and hampering cooperation with foreign scientists by using deterrent immigration and visa practices. ](/news/2004/06/21/48-nobel-laureates-endorse-john-kerry-as-they-think-that-he-would-increase-the-prosperity-health-environment-and-security-of-americans.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
4. [ Ceremonies in Topeka, Kansas, commemorate the 50th anniversary of "Brown v. Board of Education". Both President George W. Bush and presidential candidate John Kerry attend separate ceremonies. ](/news/2004/05/17/ceremonies-in-topeka-kansas-commemorate-the-50th-anniversary-of-brown-v-board-of-education-both-president-george-w-bush-and-presiden.md) _Context: John Kerry, presidential candidate_
5. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: John Kerry_
6. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry_
8. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry_
9. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: John Kerry_
10. [John Kerry informs Russia that under the rules of engagement the plane that flew over the "USS Donald Cook" on April 13th could have been shot down. ](/news/2016/04/15/john-kerry-informs-russia-that-under-the-rules-of-engagement-the-plane-that-flew-over-the-uss-donald-cook-on-april-13th-could-have-been-sh.md) _Context: John Kerry_
