### [2009-05-18](/news/2009/05/18/index.md)

#  Twenty members of the United Kingdom's Parliament demand House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin's resignation, amid at the 2009 expenses scandal. 

Michael Martin, the Commons Speaker, has apologised for his role in the MPs&#039; expenses scandal but refused to resign.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8054657.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5344495/Speaker-Michael-Martin-sorry-but-refuses-to-resign.html)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin announces that he will resign  on June 21. ](/news/2009/05/19/united-kingdom-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-announces-that-he-will-resign-on-june-21.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Michael Martin, Speaker of the UK House of Commons, United Kingdom_
2. [ British Member of Parliament John McDonnell (Hayes and Harlington) is suspended after manhandling the ceremonial mace during House of Commons proceedings. ](/news/2009/01/15/british-member-of-parliament-john-mcdonnell-hayes-and-harlington-is-suspended-after-manhandling-the-ceremonial-mace-during-house-of-commo.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
3. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
4. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
5. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
6. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP, United Kingdom_
7. [Former United Kingdom Labour Party MP Elliot Morley is jailed for 16 months for dishonestly claiming more than PS30,000 in parliamentary expenses. ](/news/2011/05/20/former-united-kingdom-labour-party-mp-elliot-morley-is-jailed-for-16-months-for-dishonestly-claiming-more-than-aps30-000-in-parliamentary-exp.md) _Context: MPs expenses, Parliament, United Kingdom_
8. [ Over 300 British MPs will be asked to repay or explain expenses after controversy earlier this year. ](/news/2009/10/10/over-300-british-mps-will-be-asked-to-repay-or-explain-expenses-after-controversy-earlier-this-year.md) _Context: MP, MPs expenses, United Kingdom_
9. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
10. [ The expense claims of British Members of Parliament are published online. ](/news/2009/06/18/the-expense-claims-of-british-members-of-parliament-are-published-online.md) _Context: MP, MPs expenses, United Kingdom_
