### [2009-05-18](/news/2009/05/18/index.md)

#  U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. 

U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday pressed a two-state solution to the Middle East conflict but failed to win a commitment from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to back Palestinian statehood.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/8055105.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSTRE54H0P520090518)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Obama, Prime Minister of Israel, U.S. President_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives in Washington, D.C. for talks with President of the United States Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/07/6/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-in-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Obama, Prime Minister of Israel, U.S. President_
3. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Israel, Obama, Palestinian, U.S. President, United States_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama, Prime Minister of Israel, U.S. President_
5. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Obama, U.S. President, United States_
7. [President Barack Obama meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, during which Netanyahu emphasizes that Israel would not make a full withdraw to the pre-1967 borders as Obama requested yesterday, because these borders are "not defensible".](/news/2011/05/20/president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-white-house-during-which-netanyahu-emphasizes-that.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama, Prime Minister of Israel, U.S. President_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama urges Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu to extend a partial construction freeze on the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/10/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-urges-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-to-extend-a-partial-construction-freeze-on-the.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama, Prime Minister of Israel, U.S. President_
9. [A 2001 film, depicting Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu discussing methods of undermining the Oslo Accords and saying the United States is "easy" to manipulate, is aired on Israel's Channel 10. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-2001-film-depicting-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-discussing-methods-of-undermining-the-oslo-accords-and-saying-the-united.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
