### [2010-12-21](/news/2010/12/21/index.md)

# In the United Kingdom Stephen Griffiths (Aka "The Crossbow Cannibal") is sentenced to life imprisonment for the murders of three women in Bradford, West Yorkshire. 

A university student, who referred to himself in court as the &quot;Crossbow Cannibal&quot;, is jailed for life for the &quot;wicked and monstrous&quot; murders of three women in Bradford.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-bradford-west-yorkshire-11541168)

### Related:

1. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed  as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom.  A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Britain, West Yorkshire_
2. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: Britain, life imprisonment_
3. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
4. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: Britain_
