### [2010-12-21](/news/2010/12/21/index.md)

# Pope Benedict XVI comments on condoms and pedophilia:Survivors of child sexual abuse carried out by priests react with fury after Pope Benedict XVI's claims that pedophilia wasn't considered an "absolute evil" as recently as the 1970s and that society considers child pornography "normal". 

The Vatican clarifies comments by Pope Benedict XVI on condoms, saying he did not mean they could be used to avoid pregnancy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12053610)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/pope-stirs-up-victim-fury-with-child-sex-comments-2468163.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Benedict XVI says his personal opinion is that condoms may be used "in exceptional cases" to combat HIV-AIDS, but the Vatican says it has not changed its policy on contraception. ](/news/2010/11/21/pope-benedict-xvi-says-his-personal-opinion-is-that-condoms-may-be-used-in-exceptional-cases-to-combat-hiv-aids-but-the-vatican-says-it-h.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, condom_
2. [Pope Benedict XVI and his upcoming visit to Britain:The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office apologises after ''The Sunday Telegraph'' obtains a "foolish" document calling for the upcoming September visit of Pope Benedict XVI to be marked by the launch of "Benedict-branded" condoms, the opening of an abortion clinic and the blessing of a same-sex marriage. ](/news/2010/04/25/pope-benedict-xvi-and-his-upcoming-visit-to-britain-pthe-british-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-apologises-after-the-sunday-telegraph-o.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, condom_
3. [Pope Benedict XVI and the child sexual abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Church:Homosexuality is to blame for paedophilia, according to Vatican Secretary of State and the Pope's Deputy, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, speaking today at a news conference in Chile. ](/news/2010/04/12/pope-benedict-xvi-and-the-child-sexual-abuse-scandal-in-the-roman-catholic-church-phomosexuality-is-to-blame-for-paedophilia-according-to-v.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, sexual relations_
4. [Child sex abuse in the Catholic Church:Pope Benedict XVI is accused of failing to act in a case of the sexual abuse of 200 deaf boys. ](/news/2010/03/25/child-sex-abuse-in-the-catholic-church-ppope-benedict-xvi-is-accused-of-failing-to-act-in-a-case-of-the-sexual-abuse-of-200-deaf-boys.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, child sexual abuse_
5. [Pope Benedict XVI is "distraught" by news alleged of child sexual abuse in Catholic dioceses in Germany, according to Archbishop Robert Zollitsch, as the church also faces paedophilia scandals in Ireland, Austria, and the Netherlands, while Pope Benedict defends clerical celibacy, calling it a symbol of "full devotion" and of "giving oneself to God and to others." ](/news/2010/03/12/pope-benedict-xvi-is-distraught-by-news-alleged-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-catholic-dioceses-in-germany-according-to-archbishop-robert-zoll.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, sexual relations_
6. [ ''The Lancet'' accuses Pope Benedict XVI of "distorting...science" in his argument against the use of condoms. ](/news/2009/03/27/the-lancet-accuses-pope-benedict-xvi-of-distorting-science-in-his-argument-against-the-use-of-condoms.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, condom_
7. [ Pope Benedict XVI denounces the use of condoms to prevent HIV/AIDS during a tour of Africa. ](/news/2009/03/18/pope-benedict-xvi-denounces-the-use-of-condoms-to-prevent-hiv-aids-during-a-tour-of-africa.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, condom_
8. [ Pope Benedict XVI is reported to have agreed to a relaxation of rules for the use of condoms.  ](/news/2006/04/24/pope-benedict-xvi-is-reported-to-have-agreed-to-a-relaxation-of-rules-for-the-use-of-condoms.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, condom_
9. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the   abuse of indigenous children in the  residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigen.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI_
10. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos's invitation to speak at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference is rescinded, and publication of his book ''Dangerous'' by Simon & Schuster is  cancelled after a video is posted allegedly containing statements of his condoning sexual relations with boys as young as thirteen. ](/news/2017/02/20/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-s-invitation-to-speak-at-the-2017-conservative-political-action-conference-is-rescinded-and-publicatio.md) _Context: sexual relations_
