### [2010-12-21](/news/2010/12/21/index.md)

# Survivors of child sexual abuse carried out by priests react with fury after Pope Benedict XVI's claims that pedophilia wasn't considered an "absolute evil" as recently as the 1970s and that society considers child pornography "normal". 

The Vatican clarifies comments by Pope Benedict XVI on condoms, saying he did not mean they could be used to avoid pregnancy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12053610)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/pope-stirs-up-victim-fury-with-child-sex-comments-2468163.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Benedict XVI is "distraught" by news alleged of child sexual abuse in Catholic dioceses in Germany, according to Archbishop Robert Zollitsch, as the church also faces paedophilia scandals in Ireland, Austria, and the Netherlands, while Pope Benedict defends clerical celibacy, calling it a symbol of "full devotion" and of "giving oneself to God and to others." ](/news/2010/03/12/pope-benedict-xvi-is-distraught-by-news-alleged-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-catholic-dioceses-in-germany-according-to-archbishop-robert-zoll.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI, sexual relations_
2. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigenou.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI_
3. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos's invitation to speak at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference is rescinded, and publication of his book "Dangerous" by Simon & Schuster is cancelled after a video is posted allegedly containing statements of his condoning sexual relations with boys as young as thirteen. ](/news/2017/02/20/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-s-invitation-to-speak-at-the-2017-conservative-political-action-conference-is-rescinded-and-publicatio.md) _Context: sexual relations_
4. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: child sexual abuse_
5. [A report states that Malaysia does not successfully deal with child sexual abuse cases due to weaknesses in the nation's criminal justice system, and the country's failure to increase public awareness of this crime by not releasing relevant data. ](/news/2016/11/14/a-report-states-that-malaysia-does-not-successfully-deal-with-child-sexual-abuse-cases-due-to-weaknesses-in-the-nation-s-criminal-justice-sy.md) _Context: child sexual abuse_
6. [The Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" accuses Facebook of censorship because of the website's decision to remove the iconic Vietnam War-era photo "napalm girl" as child pornography. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-norwegian-newspaper-aftenposten-accuses-facebook-of-censorship-because-of-the-website-s-decision-to-remove-the-iconic-vietnam-waraer.md) _Context: child pornography_
7. [Indonesian President Joko Widodo issues an executive order (Perppu) making child sexual abuse punishable by chemical castration and extends the maximum penalty to death. ](/news/2016/05/26/indonesian-president-joko-widodo-issues-an-executive-order-perppu-making-child-sexual-abuse-punishable-by-chemical-castration-and-extends.md) _Context: child sexual abuse_
8. [Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle reaches a plea deal with U.S. federal prosecutors in Indianapolis. Fogle will plead guilty to possessing and distributing child pornography and traveling across state lines to have sex with at least two teenage girls. Under the deal, he will serve from 5 to 121/2 years in prison, and will also pay $1.4 million in restitution to 14 victims. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-subway-pitchman-jared-fogle-reaches-a-plea-deal-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-indianapolis-fogle-will-plead-guilty-to-possessing.md) _Context: child pornography_
9. [The FBI, U.S. Postal Service, and Indiana State Police seize electronics and other items from the Zionsville, Indiana home of Subway commercial spokesman Jared Fogle. The seizure comes two months after the former head of Fogle's foundation was arrested on child pornography charges. ](/news/2015/07/7/the-fbi-u-s-postal-service-and-indiana-state-police-seize-electronics-and-other-items-from-the-zionsville-indiana-home-of-subway-commerc.md) _Context: child pornography_
10. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: child pornography_
