### [2010-12-21](/news/2010/12/21/index.md)

# The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. 

Israeli jets carry out air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, amid rising tensions.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12047908)
2. [Arutz Sheva](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/news.aspx/141268)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=200370)
4. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/12/2010122142226408227.html)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
2. [Responding to Palestinians firing phosphorus shells and mortars into Israel,  the Israel Air Force bombs at least two targets in the Gaza Strip and will file a complaint with the UN. The Salah al-Din Brigades claim responsibility, saying the rockets were responding to the killing of two members of the al-Qaida affiliated Army of Islam in Gaza. ](/news/2010/11/19/responding-to-palestinians-firing-phosphorus-shells-and-mortars-into-israel-the-israel-air-force-bombs-at-least-two-targets-in-the-gaza-st.md) _Context: Army of Islam, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
3. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [Gaza-Israel conflict:Five people are injured on the Gaza Strip in an Israel Air Force raid following Palestinian militants firing a rocket towards Ashkelon. ](/news/2014/01/16/gazaaisrael-conflict-pfive-people-are-injured-on-the-gaza-strip-in-an-israel-air-force-raid-following-palestinian-militants-firing-a-rocke.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [In response to the firing of a Kassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into southern Israel, Israel planes bomb three targets, including two refugee camps and a weapons factory in the Gaza Strip, injuring two people. ](/news/2011/01/3/in-response-to-the-firing-of-a-kassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-southern-israel-israel-planes-bomb-three-targets-including-two-refug.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [Palestinians fire three rockets from Gaza, landing in Israel's Ashkelon region, shortly after IDF soldiers kill a 65 year old farmer for unknown reasons, and bomb two sites in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/01/10/palestinians-fire-three-rockets-from-gaza-landing-in-israel-s-ashkelon-region-shortly-after-idf-soldiers-kill-a-65-year-old-farmer-for-unk.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
9. [In response to militants firing rockets into southern Israel, the Israel Air Force launches two raids on the southern Gaza Strip; one Palestinian is wounded. ](/news/2010/11/6/in-response-to-militants-firing-rockets-into-southern-israel-the-israel-air-force-launches-two-raids-on-the-southern-gaza-strip-one-palest.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pin-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overni.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
