### [2010-12-21](/news/2010/12/21/index.md)

# The Turkish government warns US President Barack Obama that a congressional vote on a resolution recognizing the Armenian genocide during World War I will severely damage Turkey-United States relations. 

Istanbul, Dec 21 (DPA) The Turkish government has warned US President Barack Obama that a congressional vote on a resolution recognising the massacre of...


### Source:

1. [ (''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/12/20/AR2010122002028.html)
2. [Sify](http://www.sify.com/news/turkey-warns-us-over-armenia-genocide-resolution-news-international-kmvuOmajhfh.html)

### Related:

1. [The President of Armenia accuses Turkey of "destroying" a bid to normalize relations between the two countries, who are locked in a dispute over the mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War I. ](/news/2011/01/17/the-president-of-armenia-accuses-turkey-of-destroying-a-bid-to-normalize-relations-between-the-two-countries-who-are-locked-in-a-dispute.md) _Context: First World War, genocide of Armenians_
2. [The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the United States House of Representatives accepts a resolution describing the Armenian Genocide as "genocide", prompting Turkey to recall its ambassador and threatening Turkey-United States relations. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-committee-on-foreign-affairs-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-accepts-a-resolution-describing-the-armenian-genocide-as-gen.md) _Context: Turkey–United States relations, genocide of Armenians_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
4. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
5. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
6. [Near the town of Ramle, Israeli archeologists uncover hundreds of gin and whiskey bottles dating back to the First World War at the site of a former British Army barracks. ](/news/2017/03/22/near-the-town-of-ramle-israeli-archeologists-uncover-hundreds-of-gin-and-whiskey-bottles-dating-back-to-the-first-world-war-at-the-site-of.md) _Context: First World War_
7. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [The Turkish government lifts the ban prohibiting female army officers from wearing a Hijab. The military is the last Turkish institution to end the ban. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-turkish-government-lifts-the-ban-prohibiting-female-army-officers-from-wearing-a-hijab-the-military-is-the-last-turkish-institution-to.md) _Context: Turkish government_
10. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
