### [2010-12-21](/news/2010/12/21/index.md)

# Toyota agrees to pay the US government $32.4 million over its handling of car recalls in 2010 where over 10 million cars were recalled worldwide, over 14 separate recalls. 

Toyota agrees to pay a record fine in the US of $32.4m over its handling of millions of car recalls.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-12047360)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Toyota's President Akio Toyoda apologises to the United States Congress for safety problems that led to deaths and worldwide recalls of its vehicles. ](/news/2010/02/24/toyota-s-president-akio-toyoda-apologises-to-the-united-states-congress-for-safety-problems-that-led-to-deaths-and-worldwide-recalls-of-its.md) _Context: Toyota, car recalls in 2010_
2. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: United States_
3. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States_
4. [Toyota, which on Tuesday announced a recall of 1.43 million hybrids because of an airbag problem, today announces the recall of 2.87 million vehicles worldwide, produced between April 2006 and August 2015, because of a possible problem with their evaporative fuel emissions control unit. ](/news/2016/06/29/toyota-which-on-tuesday-announced-a-recall-of-1-43-million-hybrids-because-of-an-airbag-problem-today-announces-the-recall-of-2-87-million.md) _Context: Toyota_
5. [Toyota is recalling 1.43 million hybrids worldwide--Toyota Prius, Toyota Prius Plug-in, and Lexus CT200h--from model years 2010-2012 because of a possible airbag inflator defect. The company says it is not aware of any injuries or deaths related to this issue. ](/news/2016/06/28/toyota-is-recalling-1-43-million-hybrids-worldwideatoyota-prius-toyota-prius-plug-in-and-lexus-ct200hafrom-model-years-2010-2012-becau.md) _Context: Toyota_
6. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: United States_
7. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Nissan Motor Co. says it will not use airbag inflators made by Japanese auto parts supplier Takata Corp. in its cars, joining Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co. ](/news/2015/11/7/nissan-motor-co-says-it-will-not-use-airbag-inflators-made-by-japanese-auto-parts-supplier-takata-corp-in-its-cars-joining-toyota-motor-c.md) _Context: Toyota_
9. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Toyota is once again the world's largest carmaker with 7.5 million units sold thus far in 2015, compared to Volkswagen's 7.43 million and General Motors' 7.2 million. ](/news/2015/10/26/toyota-is-once-again-the-world-s-largest-carmaker-with-7-5-million-units-sold-thus-far-in-2015-compared-to-volkswagen-s-7-43-million-and-ge.md) _Context: Toyota_
