### [2010-04-22](/news/2010/04/22/index.md)

# Minas Gerais, one of Brazil's biggest states, bans the sale of the Toyota Corolla over safety fears. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8638829.stm)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
2. [Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep.  Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as-initially-reported-brazili.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
3. [An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco Mineracao, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-the-nearby-village-of-bento-r.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
4. [At least ten people are killed in Brazil's Minas Gerais state after a bus accident. ](/news/2013/07/13/at-least-ten-people-are-killed-in-brazil-s-minas-gerais-state-after-a-bus-accident.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
5. [95 farm workers are rescued from difficult living conditions in two south-eastern states (Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro (state)) of Brazil. ](/news/2010/09/12/95-farm-workers-are-rescued-from-difficult-living-conditions-in-two-south-eastern-states-minas-gerais-and-rio-de-janeiro-state-of-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
6. [A teenager is shot dead and another is wounded by a further shot during a gay pride parade attended by around 70,000 people in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, Brazil. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-teenager-is-shot-dead-and-another-is-wounded-by-a-further-shot-during-a-gay-pride-parade-attended-by-around-70-000-people-in-juiz-de-fora.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
7. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based First Capital Command, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/25/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-first-capital-command-storm-a-security-vault-and-police-headquart.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Members of the Brazilian Primeiro Comando da Capital prison gang kill 31 inmates in the Monte Cristo prison in the state of Roraima. This action was revenge for an earlier massacre in a prison in Amazonas that killed 56 inmates. ](/news/2017/01/6/members-of-the-brazilian-primeiro-comando-da-capital-prison-gang-kill-31-inmates-in-the-monte-cristo-prison-in-the-state-of-roraima-this-ac.md) _Context: Brazil_
