### [2008-10-29](/news/2008/10/29/index.md)

#  India's Viswanathan Anand retains the World Chess Championship title in Bonn, Germany, by defeating Russia's Vladimir Kramnik. 




### Source:

1. [CNN-IBN](http://ibnlive.in.com/news/anand-draws-11th-game-wins-world-chess-title/77005-5.html?from=rssfeed)

### Related:

1. [ Indian player Viswanathan Anand wins the World Chess Championship 2007 at Mexico City to become the new world champion. ](/news/2007/09/30/indian-player-viswanathan-anand-wins-the-world-chess-championship-2007-at-mexico-city-to-become-the-new-world-champion.md) _Context: India, Viswanathan Anand, World Chess Championship_
2. [Norwegian chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen defeats Russian challenger Sergey Karjakin to retain the World Chess Championship title. ](/news/2016/11/30/norwegian-chess-grandmaster-magnus-carlsen-defeats-russian-challenger-sergey-karjakin-to-retain-the-world-chess-championship-title.md) _Context: Russia, World Chess Championship_
3. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Germany, India_
4. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin sign several agreements including a $12.9 billion defense and energy deal. Russian state oil major Rosneft pays  for a controlling stake in both India's Essar Oil and port facilities that it already owns. ](/news/2016/10/15/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-sign-several-agreements-including-a-12-9-billion-defense-and-energ.md) _Context: India, Russia_
5. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: India, Russia_
6. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
9. [The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-on-sunday.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
10. [Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
