### [2013-06-6](/news/2013/06/6/index.md)

# French Left wing activist Clement Meric dies after being attacked on Wednesday in Paris shopping district by a group of far-right skinheads. 

FRENCH Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has ordered the &quot;dissolution&quot; of a far-right group allegedly linked to the death of a left-wing student in a Paris street brawl.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world-news/clement-meric-brain-dead-after-fight-with-skinheads-in-paris/story-fndir2ev-1226659003973)

### Related:

1. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/november-2015-paris-attacks-authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvem.md) _Context: French-born, Paris_
2. [Levallois-Perret attack. In a suspected terror attack, six French soldiers are injured, three seriously, when a man drives a car into them at a barracks in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. ](/news/2017/08/9/levallois-perret-attack-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-six-french-soldiers-are-injured-three-seriously-when-a-man-drives-a-car-into-them-a.md) _Context: Paris_
3. [Danish royal consorts. Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: French-born_
4. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack. A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: Paris_
5. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Paris_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/french-presidential-election-2017-yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
7. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers. One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [March 2017 Ile-de-France attacks. French security forces shoot suspect Ziyed Ben Belgacem dead in Paris' Orly Airport after he put the pellet gun to her head and took away an assault rifle from one of three soldiers from "Sentinelle" operation patrolling the airport. Belgacem had earlier shot a police officer with a pellet gun. Later, he had threatened a bar and then carjacked another vehicle to the airport. ](/news/2017/03/18/march-2017-ale-de-france-attacks-french-security-forces-shoot-suspect-ziyed-ben-belgacem-dead-in-paris-orly-airport-after-he-put-the-pell.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [2017 Paris machete attack. A French Army soldier shoots and wounds a man armed with a knife who was trying to enter an underground shopping area near the Louvre in Paris. The museum was evacuated. ](/news/2017/02/3/2017-paris-machete-attack-a-french-army-soldier-shoots-and-wounds-a-man-armed-with-a-knife-who-was-trying-to-enter-an-underground-shopping.md) _Context: Paris_
