### [2013-06-6](/news/2013/06/6/index.md)

# New Jersey Governor Chris Christie appoints Jeffrey Chiesa (R-NJ) as a U.S. Senator following the death of Frank Lautenberg. He will serve until a special election is held later this year. 

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie announced Thursday he will appoint the state&rsquo;s Republican attorney general Jeffrey Chiesa to serve as an interim senator to succeed the late Sen. Frank Lautenberg. Chiesa, a longtime Christie aide and former feder


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://firstread.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/06/18803535-christie-selects-new-jersey-ag-to-fill-senate-vacancy?lite)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, Republican_
2. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/3/sen-frank-lautenberg-dies-89-new-jersey-democrat-w/ "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Frank Lautenberg, New Jersey_
3. [Politics of New Jersey. Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-new-jersey-amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
4. [New Jersey gubernatorial election, 2017. American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/new-jersey-gubernatorial-election-2017-american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumben.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
5. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016. The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Republican_
6. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]. Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.. Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.. Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
7. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoes a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage in the state. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/apnewsbreak-gay-marriage-bill-delivered-to-nj-governor-who-has-vowed-to-veto-it/2012/02/17/gIQApnPrJR_story.html "(The Washington Post)"]](/news/2012/02/17/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-vetoes-a-bill-that-would-legalize-same-sex-marriage-in-the-state-http-www-washingtonpost-com-national.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
8. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
9. [ United States Senator Jon Corzine wins the New Jersey Democratic Party gubernatorial primary. Doug Forrester, a former mayor, wins the New Jersey Republican Party gubernatorial primary after a heated contest with another former mayor, Bret Schundler. The November 2005 election will be the first since Governor James McGreevey resigned over a scandal in which he was revealed to be homosexual. ](/news/2005/06/7/united-states-senator-jon-corzine-wins-the-new-jersey-democratic-party-gubernatorial-primary-doug-forrester-a-former-mayor-wins-the-new.md) _Context: New Jersey, Republican_
10. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Republican_
