### [2013-06-6](/news/2013/06/6/index.md)

# The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. 

The National Security Agency and the FBI are siphoning personal data from the main computer servers of nine major U.S. Internet firms, The Washington Post and the London-based Guardian reported Thursday night.


### Source:

1. [PC World](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2040991/report-nsa-prism-program-spied-on-americans-emails-searches.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jun/06/us-tech-giants-nsa-data)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2013/06/06/nsa-surveillance-internet-companies/2398345/)
3. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube. ](/news/2010/08/27/paul-allen-s-company-interval-licensing-llc-files-a-patent-infringement-lawsuit-against-google-apple-computer-aol-ebay-facebook-netfl.md) _Context: AOL, Facebook, Google, Yahoo!, YouTube_
2. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Yahoo!_
3. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft, Yahoo!_
4. [The smartphone wars are re-ignited, as Rockstar Consortium, a company owned by companies including Apple and Microsoft, starts wide-ranging legal action against Google, Samsung, and other makers of Android phones. ](/news/2013/11/1/the-smartphone-wars-are-re-ignited-as-rockstar-consortium-a-company-owned-by-companies-including-apple-and-microsoft-starts-wide-ranging.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Google, Microsoft_
5. [ An "industry-wide phishing scheme" targets sites such as Google, Hotmail, Yahoo! and AOL, with passwords posted online and more than a quarter of a million accounts at risk. ](/news/2009/10/6/an-industry-wide-phishing-scheme-targets-sites-such-as-google-hotmail-yahoo-and-aol-with-passwords-posted-online-and-more-than-a-quar.md) _Context: AOL, Google, Yahoo!_
6. [ NBC, News Limited, AOL, MSN and Yahoo! join forces to develop an ad-supported online video network to compete with YouTube. ](/news/2007/03/22/nbc-news-limited-aol-msn-and-yahoo-join-forces-to-develop-an-ad-supported-online-video-network-to-compete-with-youtube.md) _Context: AOL, Yahoo!, YouTube_
7. [ Craigslist is sued because of illegal posts to that website. Amazon, eBay, AOL, Yahoo, and Google all file briefs as friends of the court in support of Craigslist. ](/news/2006/07/7/craigslist-is-sued-because-of-illegal-posts-to-that-website-amazon-ebay-aol-yahoo-and-google-all-file-briefs-as-friends-of-the-court-i.md) _Context: AOL, Google, Yahoo!_
8. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook, Microsoft_
9. [ Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. ](/news/2017/09/27/facebook-google-and-twitter-executives-have-been-asked-to-testify-before-the-house-of-representatives-intelligence-committee-in-october-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
10. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
