### [2003-11-22](/news/2003/11/22/index.md)

#  Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo apologizes for the 70,000 people killed in the 15-year battle with the Shining Path rebel movement. He promises to punish members of Armed Forces who were responsible for many abuses.




### Related:

1. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: Peru, Shining Path_
2. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Alejandro Toledo, Peru_
3. [At least two people are killed in a remote part of Peru in an attack by Shining Path guerillas. ](/news/2016/04/9/at-least-two-people-are-killed-in-a-remote-part-of-peru-in-an-attack-by-shining-path-guerillas.md) _Context: Peru, Shining Path_
4. [Comrade Artemio, leader of the Shining Path Peruvian rebel movement, is captured in the Huallaga Valley area by the Army and National Police. ](/news/2012/02/12/comrade-artemio-leader-of-the-shining-path-peruvian-rebel-movement-is-captured-in-the-huallaga-valley-area-by-the-army-and-national-police.md) _Context: Peru, Shining Path_
5. [ Narcoterrorist attack on a military convoy by Shining Path guerrillas kills 19 including women and children in southeast Peru. ](/news/2008/10/9/narcoterrorist-attack-on-a-military-convoy-by-shining-path-guerrillas-kills-19-including-women-and-children-in-southeast-peru.md) _Context: Peru, Shining Path_
6. [ A Peruvian congressional committee accuses President Alejandro Toledo of electoral fraud. ](/news/2005/05/4/a-peruvian-congressional-committee-accuses-president-alejandro-toledo-of-electoral-fraud.md) _Context: Alejandro Toledo, Peru_
7. [ In Peru, after vice president David Waisman faints during a TV interview, President Alejandro Toledo demands that criticism of his government be toned down. ](/news/2005/01/20/in-peru-after-vice-president-david-waisman-faints-during-a-tv-interview-president-alejandro-toledo-demands-that-criticism-of-his-governme.md) _Context: Alejandro Toledo, Peru_
8. [ A group of Peruvian army reservists from the Movimiento Etnocacerista seize a police station in Andahuaylas, Apurmac Region, demanding the resignation of President Alejandro Toledo. Four police officers die in a shootout, another dozen police are taken as hostages, and a state of emergency is declared in the region. ](/news/2005/01/1/a-group-of-peruvian-army-reservists-from-the-movimiento-etnocacerista-seize-a-police-station-in-andahuaylas-apurimac-region-demanding-the.md) _Context: Alejandro Toledo, Peru_
9. [ Peruvian armed forces capture a leader of the Shining Path rebel group after a clash in the Andes in which four guerrillas were killed and an officer wounded.](/news/2003/11/9/peruvian-armed-forces-capture-a-leader-of-the-shining-path-rebel-group-after-a-clash-in-the-andes-in-which-four-guerrillas-were-killed-and.md) _Context: Peru, Shining Path_
10. [ Alejandro Toledo is sworn as the new president of Peru, eight months after the vote of no-confidence of former President Alberto Fujimori.](/news/2001/07/28/alejandro-toledo-is-sworn-as-the-new-president-of-peru-eight-months-after-the-vote-of-no-confidence-of-former-president-alberto-fujimori.md) _Context: Alejandro Toledo, Peru_
