### [2017-01-19](/news/2017/01/19/index.md)

# A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. 

A judge rules there is not enough evidence to justify arresting Lee Jae-yong for corruption.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-38660128)

### Related:

1. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Lee Jae-yong, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
2. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, Samsung, South Korea_
3. [Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/08/25/lee-jae-yong-jay-y-lee-the-vice-chairman-of-the-samsung-group-is-sentenced-to-five-years-for-graft-for-his-involvement-in-the-2016-south.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Lee Jae-yong, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
4. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
5. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
6. [A South Korean official says prosecutors will question President Park Geun-hye, no later than Wednesday, about the political corruption scandal. This will be the first time a sitting president is questioned by prosecutors in a criminal case. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-south-korean-official-says-prosecutors-will-question-president-park-geun-hye-no-later-than-wednesday-about-the-political-corruption-scan.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
7. [As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-h.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
8. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
9. [South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234a56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-kyo-ahn-a-staunch-defender-of-ms-park-wil.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
10. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
