### [2017-01-19](/news/2017/01/19/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. 

U.S. officials confirm that two Air Force stealth B-2 bombers struck two ISIS camps in Libya 28 miles south of Sirte on Wednesday night. One official called the airstrikes &quot;a huge success,&quot; with more than 80 ISIS fighters killed. The airstrikes targeted 80 to 100 ISIS fighters in multiple camps...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/bombers-strike-isis-camps-libya/story?id=44882627)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-libya-strike-idUSKBN15320U)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte, United States_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Two Serbian embassy staff abducted in Libya in November 2015 are believed to have been among dozens killed in yesterday's U.S. airstrike on a ISIL camp in Sabratha, according to Serbia's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic. ](/news/2016/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-two-serbian-embassy-staff-abducted-in-libya-in-november-2015-are-believed-to-have-been-among-dozens-kille.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United States_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
6. [Yemeni Crisis: The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, United States_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, United States_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells. ](/news/2016/01/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulti.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Islamic State militants continue to besiege the Libyan oil port of Sidra, attacking checkpoints on the road to the port, leaving seven guards dead. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) said an oil storage tank in the port was set on fire by a long-range rocket, and that the oil tank fire started just as firefighters were close to bringing under control another blaze at an oil tank that was hit during fighting in the nearby Ra's Lanuf Refinery on Monday. ](/news/2016/01/5/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-continue-to-besiege-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-attacking-checkpoints-on-the-ro.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
