### [2017-01-19](/news/2017/01/19/index.md)

# Sinn Fein politician Martin McGuinness retires from politics for health reasons. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-nireland-politics-mcguinness-idUSKBN1532RM)

### Related:

1. [Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-democratic-unionist-party-of-a-failed.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
2. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland accepts an invitation to attend several events during the forthcoming State visit of Irish President Michael D. Higgins to the United Kingdom, including a banquet to be held by Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. ](/news/2014/04/5/sinn-fa-c-inas-martin-mcguinness-the-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-accepts-an-invitation-to-attend-several-events-during-the-fo.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
3. [Sinn Fein's Francie Molloy wins the Mid Ulster by-election, holding onto the seat vacated by Martin McGuinness at the end of 2012. ](/news/2013/03/8/sinn-fa-c-in-s-francie-molloy-wins-the-mid-ulster-by-election-holding-onto-the-seat-vacated-by-martin-mcguinness-at-the-end-of-2012.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
4. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
5. [Sinn Fein nominate John O'Dowd to replace Martin McGuinness on a temporary basis as deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/09/19/sinn-fa-c-in-nominate-john-o-dowd-to-replace-martin-mcguinness-on-a-temporary-basis-as-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
6. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
7. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
8. [ Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Michael McDowell directly accuses Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as well as Martin McGuinness (both elected MPs) and Martin Ferris TD of being on the IRA Army Council, the first such direct accusation from the Irish Government. Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern meanwhile has said he does not know the make-up of the Council. ](/news/2005/02/20/irish-minister-for-justice-equality-and-law-reform-michael-mcdowell-directly-accuses-sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-as-well-as-martin-mcgui.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
9. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Sinn Fein_
10. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness_
