### [2017-01-19](/news/2017/01/19/index.md)

# Uber agrees to pay $20 million to settle U.S. Federal Trade Commission claims the company exaggerated prospective earnings and downplayed the  costs of buying/leasing a car when recruiting new drivers. 

Ride-hailing company Uber Technologies Inc has agreed to pay $20 million to settle claims by the U.S. government that it exaggerated prospective earnings in seeking to recruit drivers and downplayed the costs of buying or leasing a car, documents filed with a federal court on Thursday showed.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-uber-ftc-idUSKBN15334C)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission gives the antitrust go ahead to Abbott Laboratories in its acquisition of St. Jude Medical. ](/news/2016/12/27/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-gives-the-antitrust-go-ahead-to-abbott-laboratories-in-its-acquisition-of-st-jude-medical.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
2. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: Uber_
3. [Uber announces plans to merge its China operations with rival Didi Chuxing with the merge company valued at $35 billion. ](/news/2016/08/1/uber-announces-plans-to-merge-its-china-operations-with-rival-didi-chuxing-with-the-merge-company-valued-at-35-billion.md) _Context: Uber_
4. [The Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund raises $3.5 billion for Uber. It is the largest single investment the company has ever received. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-saudi-arabian-public-investment-fund-raises-3-5-billion-for-uber-it-is-the-largest-single-investment-the-company-has-ever-received.md) _Context: Uber_
5. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers' access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
6. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
7. [Kalamazoo County, Michigan authorities say last evening's shooting spree resulted in six deaths with two others seriously wounded. Each victim was shot multiple times. Police acknowledge that an earlier report that a 14-year-old girl died is incorrect; she is alive, but  "severely, gravely" injured. The suspect, a 45-year-old man who is a Uber driver without a prior criminal record,  was taken into custody without a struggle. ](/news/2016/02/21/kalamazoo-county-michigan-authorities-say-last-evening-s-shooting-spree-resulted-in-six-deaths-with-two-others-seriously-wounded-each-vict.md) _Context: Uber_
8. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with  competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: Uber_
9. [French taxidrivers, air traffic controllers and school teachers go on strike over working conditions and competition from non-traditional services such as Uber. ](/news/2016/01/26/french-taxidrivers-air-traffic-controllers-and-school-teachers-go-on-strike-over-working-conditions-and-competition-from-non-traditional-se.md) _Context: Uber_
10. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) files an administrative complaint challenging office-supplies giant Staples' proposed $6.3 billion acquisition of top rival Office Depot. The FTC said the deal would significantly reduce national competition in the market for office supplies sold to large business customers. The companies plan to contest the FTC decision.  ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-ftc-files-an-administrative-complaint-challenging-office-supplies-giant-staples-proposed-6-3.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
