### [2016-07-16](/news/2016/07/16/index.md)

# Pakistani social media celebrity Qandeel Baloch is killed by her brother in an honour killing. 

Pakistani social media celebrity Qandeel Baloch is strangled by her brother in an apparent honour killing in the province of Punjab, police say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-36814258)

### Related:

1. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: social media_
2. [A study conducted at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology shows a positive correlation with playing online video games and higher test scores in math, science and reading while a negative correlation with social media use. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-study-conducted-at-the-royal-melbourne-institute-of-technology-shows-a-positive-correlation-with-playing-online-video-games-and-higher-tes.md) _Context: social media_
3. [Protesters in Pakistan take offense to the honour killing of internet celebrity Qandeel Baloch. ](/news/2016/07/17/protesters-in-pakistan-take-offense-to-the-honour-killing-of-internet-celebrity-qandeel-baloch.md) _Context: Qandeel Baloch_
4. [Uganda arrests opposition leader Kizza Besigye as he addressed a crowd of supporters in the capital Kampala, and shuts down access to social media within the country prior to President Yoweri Museveni's inauguration tomorrow. ](/news/2016/05/11/uganda-arrests-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-as-he-addressed-a-crowd-of-supporters-in-the-capital-kampala-and-shuts-down-access-to-social.md) _Context: social media_
5. [Indonesia blocks access to radical Islamist websites and social media sites after the recent terror attacks in Jakarta. ](/news/2016/01/16/indonesia-blocks-access-to-radical-islamist-websites-and-social-media-sites-after-the-recent-terror-attacks-in-jakarta.md) _Context: social media_
6. [Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mass-sexual-violence-at-new-year-s-eve-events.md) _Context: social media_
7. [Neither Syed Rizwan Farook nor his wife Tashfeen Malik made open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom prior to the attack, according to FBI Director James B. Comey. There were, however, direct, private messages to each other that did reflect this commitment. ](/news/2015/12/16/neither-syed-rizwan-farook-nor-his-wife-tashfeen-malik-made-open-posts-on-social-media-regarding-radical-islamic-jihad-or-martyrdom-prior-to.md) _Context: social media_
8. [Using social media, Russian investigative bloggers from the Conflict Intelligence Team photo-geolocate three Russian military personnel outside expected air support operations areas -- evidence of what the group says may be a broader Russian military role in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/9/using-social-media-russian-investigative-bloggers-from-the-conflict-intelligence-team-photo-geolocate-three-russian-military-personnel-outs.md) _Context: social media_
9. [The city of Montreal in Canada begins dumping 2 billion gallons of raw sewage into the Saint Lawrence River, an action the mayor, Denis Coderre, says is necessary to make repairs and improvements to the city's wastewater system. The move has caused outrage among residents and environmentalists, while the hashtag ""#flushgate"" is being used on social media sites to voice opposition to the dumping effort. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-city-of-montreal-in-canada-begins-dumping-2-billion-gallons-of-raw-sewage-into-the-saint-lawrence-river-an-action-the-mayor-denis-code.md) _Context: social media_
10. ["Smart Sheriff", the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-serio.md) _Context: social media_
