### [2016-07-16](/news/2016/07/16/index.md)

# The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan returns to Istanbul Ataturk Airport indicating that the coup may be faltering. 

Turkey&#x27;s president declared he is in control of the NATO country early Saturday as loyal military and police forces fought to squash a coup attempt.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/898783a16ef74ccb80ca46ac231157c3/us-based-turkish-cleric-denies-involvement-coup)
2. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2016-07-16-EU--Turkey-Military%20Coup-The%20Latest/id-a19f8ddebd434668ae1fb317ef65c582)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/15/world/live-blog-turkey/index.html)
4. [Ekathimerini](http://www.ekathimerini.com/210510/article/ekathimerini/news/turkish-military-helicopter-lands-in-northern-greece-crew-requests-asylum)
5. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/turkey-military-coup/attempted-turkey-coup-u-s-would-consider-extradition-request-blamed-n610906)
6. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/turkey-military-coup/turkeys-erdogan-declares-coup-over-after-clashes-kill-dozens-n610736)
7. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/greece-arrests-eight-aboard-turkish-military-helicopter-101227848.html)
8. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-security-usa-flights-idUSKCN0ZW15C)
9. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/16/world/europe/military-attempts-coup-in-turkey-prime-minister-says.html?emc=edit_na_20160715&nlid=66213151&ref=cta)

### Related:

1. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, last year's coup attempt_
2. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
3. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a PS100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-aps100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-under.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
6. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's  order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-military-coup-calls-for-closure-of.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
7. [Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square in a show of support for the new powers that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has received in order to crackdown on dissent following the attempted coup. ](/news/2016/07/22/thousands-gather-in-istanbul-s-taksim-square-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-new-powers-that-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-has-received-in-or.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, last year's coup attempt_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan writes Russian President Vladimir Putin to offer condolences to the family of the deceased Russian pilot of the Sukhoi Su-24  warplane shot down last November. The Kremlin has insisted on a personal apology for months. A Turkish spokesman says this is a step toward improving bilateral relations between the two countries.  ](/news/2016/06/27/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-writes-russian-president-vladimir-putin-to-offer-condolences-to-the-family-of-the-deceased-russian-p.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
9. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
10. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
