### [2007-05-12](/news/2007/05/12/index.md)

#  Su Tseng-Chang resigns as the Premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan) following a loss in a primary election to be the Democratic Progressive Party candidate in the 2008 Taiwanese presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6649101.stm)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601080&sid=aS9ALqO5GSTo&refer=asia)

### Related:

1. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: 2008 presidential election, Democratic Progressive Party_
2. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Premier of Taiwan_
3. [ Taiwanese Premier Frank Hsieh announces his resignation following the defeat of the Democratic Progressive Party in recent elections. ](/news/2006/01/17/taiwanese-premier-frank-hsieh-announces-his-resignation-following-the-defeat-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-in-recent-elections.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Premier of Taiwan_
4. [ ROC local elections, 2005: Republic of China (Taiwan) opposition party Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) makes major gains in municipal elections, taking 14 of 23 mayor or county magistrate seats. Ruling Democratic Progressive Party takes six seats. People First Party and New Party each takes one seat, and an independent wins one seat. DPP chairman Su Tseng-chang resigns to take responsibility for his party's defeat. ](/news/2005/12/3/roc-local-elections-2005-republic-of-china-taiwan-opposition-party-kuomintang-chinese-nationalist-party-makes-major-gains-in-municipa.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Su Tseng-Chang_
5. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Premier of Taiwan_
6. [Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election, 2017: Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/democratic-party-italy-leadership-election-2017-former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democrat.md) _Context: primary election_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: primary election_
8. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: primary election_
9. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: primary election_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: New Hampshire primary: Voters in the state of New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election in this year's presidential cycle. ](/news/2016/02/9/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-hampshire-primary-voters-in-the-state-of-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary.md) _Context: primary election_
