### [2013-03-15](/news/2013/03/15/index.md)

# David Cameron and Nick Clegg, the leaders of the two parties which make up the UK coalition government, publish separate plans for press regulation in England and Wales. 

The battle lines are drawn on the future of press regulation as Nick Clegg and Ed Miliband go head-to-head with David Cameron ahead of a crunch vote on Monday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21796866)

### Related:

1. [David Cameron bans Sayeeda Warsi, Baroness Warsi, Britain's first female Muslim cabinet minister, from attending Global Peace and Unity, Europe's largest multicultural gathering. Nick Clegg takes the side of Baroness Warsi. ](/news/2010/10/24/david-cameron-bans-sayeeda-warsi-baroness-warsi-britain-s-first-female-muslim-cabinet-minister-from-attending-global-peace-and-unity-eur.md) _Context: David Cameron, Nick Clegg_
2. [UK general election countdown:: Gordon Brown and David Cameron admitted that Nick Clegg, leader of the Liberal Democrats, put forward a very good case for his party at last night's election debate. ](/news/2010/04/16/uk-general-election-countdown-gordon-brown-and-david-cameron-admitted-that-nick-clegg-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-put-forward-a-very.md) _Context: David Cameron, Nick Clegg_
3. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron_
4. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: David Cameron_
6. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: David Cameron_
7. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: David Cameron_
8. [Panama Papers: Thousands of people protest in Whitehall calling on British Prime Minister David Cameron to resign over his financial affairs and his handling of them in relation to revelations made by the leak of the Panama Papers. ](/news/2016/04/9/panama-papers-thousands-of-people-protest-in-whitehall-calling-on-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-resign-over-his-financial-affairs.md) _Context: David Cameron_
9. [Panama Papers: United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron admits he benefited from a Panama-based offshore trust, Blairmore Holdings Inc., set up by his late father. Cameron says he divested himself of his shares, for GBP31,500 (US$44,300), before becoming prime minister in 2010. ](/news/2016/04/7/panama-papers-united-kingdom-prime-minister-david-cameron-admits-he-benefited-from-a-panama-based-offshore-trust-blairmore-holdings-inc.md) _Context: David Cameron_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: David Cameron_
