### [2013-03-15](/news/2013/03/15/index.md)

# North Korea launches short-range missiles into the Sea of Japan. 

SEOUL - North Korea has tested short-range missiles in the Sea of Japan (known as the East Sea in Korea), in an apparent attempt to counter-act joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises, South Korean news agency Yonhap reported. &quot;North Korea test-launched a short-range missile in the East Sea this afternoon, amid the ongoing security crisis on the Korean peninsula following Pyongyang&#039;s third nuclear test last month,&quot; Yonhap news said. The source, Yonhap said, was a military source within the South Korean government. The North Korean military launched two KN-02 short-range missiles into international waters, the report said. Graphic: BBC News KN-02 missiles are mobile missiles. Based on the Soviet-era OTR-21 Tochka, they are launched from the back of SCUD-like trucks (see above headline image) and, of all North Korean missiles, they have the shortest range, as the above BBC infographic shows. The short-range missile is a domestic variant of the Syrian &#039;Scarab A&#039; missile, and has a


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2013/03/17/world/u-s-to-boost-missile-defense-to-counter-north-korea-threat/)
2. [NK News](http://www.nknews.org/2013/03/breaking-north-korea-launches-short-range-missiles-on-east-coast/)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, short-range ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has launched several short range missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-launched-several-short-range-missiles-into-the-sea-of-j.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: A South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff official reports North Korea launched five short-range missiles from the eastern city of Hamhung into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-a-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-official-reports-north-korea-launched-five-short-range-mis.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). ](/news/2016/03/18/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-a-u-s-defense-official-report-that-north-korea-fire.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
