### [2007-08-16](/news/2007/08/16/index.md)

#  International conservation group BirdLife International launches a critical fundraising campaign to save 189 endangered species of birds. 




### Source:

1. [San Jose Mercury News](http://www.mercurynews.com/breakingnews/ci_6639682)

### Related:

1. [Thai authorities remove all 137 tigers from the Tiger Temple in Kanchanaburi Province.  The remains of 30 more tiger cubs, in addition to the  40 carcasses found earlier, were discovered Thursday.  Five men have been charged with possession of endangered animal parts without permission. ](/news/2016/06/4/thai-authorities-remove-all-137-tigers-from-the-tiger-temple-in-kanchanaburi-province-the-remains-of-30-more-tiger-cubs-in-addition-to-th.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
2. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
3. [Scientists report fires raging in Indonesia have hit Borneo's orangutans particularly hard. Borneo is home to about 30 percent of the world's wild orangutans, an endangered species. Smoke has already displaced many orangutans and caused health problems related to smoke inhalation, according to the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF). ](/news/2015/11/3/scientists-report-fires-raging-in-indonesia-have-hit-borneo-s-orangutans-particularly-hard-borneo-is-home-to-about-30-percent-of-the-world.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
4. [Nola, a 41-year-old female northern white rhino, dies at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park. She was euthanized after her health took a turn for the worse. Nola was rescued from violent poaching in the southern savanna woodlands of Sudan and came to the park in 1989. Only three animals of this endangered species are known left in the world. ](/news/2015/11/22/nola-a-41-year-old-female-northern-white-rhino-dies-at-the-san-diego-zoo-safari-park-she-was-euthanized-after-her-health-took-a-turn-for.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
5. [Hundreds of endangered species from Madagascar are found in a South African airport. ](/news/2014/02/1/hundreds-of-endangered-species-from-madagascar-are-found-in-a-south-african-airport.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
6. [A new species of guenon monkey discovered in 2007 is now identified in Opala, DR Congo. Local inhabitants call it "lesula".  The first specimen resembled the owl-faced monkey, but of unseen colour. More specimen have been located in a 6,500 square mile area. The species' genetic and anatomical distinctiveness (identification) has been  determined in a study made the following three years. Its scientific name is ''Cercopithecus lomamiensis''. The publication already recommends it to the Red List of endangered species and proposes conservation measures for its Lomami and central Congo Basin habitat. ](/news/2012/09/12/a-new-species-of-guenon-monkey-discovered-in-2007-is-now-identified-in-opala-dr-congo-local-inhabitants-call-it-lesula-the-first-speci.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
7. [The United Nations airlifts baby gorillas from the Democratic Republic of the Congo where militias log and mine their habitat and it is feared gorillas may become extinct by the mid-2020s. ](/news/2010/06/6/the-united-nations-airlifts-baby-gorillas-from-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-where-militias-log-and-mine-their-habitat-and-it-is-fear.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
8. [ Some 2,000 wild Canadian geese are to be killed around New York's main airports to reduce the numbers of the birds that brought down US Airways Flight 1549 in January. ](/news/2009/06/11/some-2-000-wild-canadian-geese-are-to-be-killed-around-new-york-s-main-airports-to-reduce-the-numbers-of-the-birds-that-brought-down-us-air.md) _Context: bird_
9. [ The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration declares that the beluga whale of Alaska's Cook Inlet is an endangered species. ](/news/2008/10/17/the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-declares-that-the-beluga-whale-of-alaska-s-cook-inlet-is-an-endangered-species.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
10. [ Police question Prince Harry over an alleged shooting of endangered hen harriers at the Royal Family's Sandringham House estate.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/10/31/police-question-prince-harry-over-an-alleged-shooting-of-endangered-hen-harriers-at-the-royal-family-s-sandringham-house-estate-date-decemb.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
