### [2007-08-16](/news/2007/08/16/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Pakistan hears a petition from the former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to be able to return to the country and contest elections. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6948967.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court, election_
2. [Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif goes home after his disqualification by the Supreme Court in the Panama Papers case. ](/news/2017/08/9/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-goes-home-after-his-disqualification-by-the-supreme-court-in-the-panama-papers-case.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-office-following-a-verdic.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
4. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
5. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
6. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
7. [ Lawyers for former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif file a petition in the Supreme Court of Pakistan against his deportation to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2007/09/11/lawyers-for-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-file-a-petition-in-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-against-his-deportation-to-saud.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
8. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan, states that he will return to Pakistan from exile after winning a case in the Supreme Court of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/08/30/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-states-that-he-will-return-to-pakistan-from-exile-after-winning-a-case-in-the-supreme-cour.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
9. [Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-capital-islamabad-against.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif bows to opposition demands that he ask Pakistan's chief justice to set up an independent commission to investigate offshore accounts linked to his family. Sharif said he would accept the commission's findings and even resign if called upon. ](/news/2016/04/23/prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-bows-to-opposition-demands-that-he-ask-pakistan-s-chief-justice-to-set-up-an-independent-commission.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
