### [2010-12-18](/news/2010/12/18/index.md)

# An Israeli air-strike in the Gaza Strip kills five Palestinian militants according to Palestinian sources; Israel says they were attempting to fire missiles into Israel. 

An Israeli air strike kills five people in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian and Israeli sources say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12029802)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/12/18/gaza.israel.strike/)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=200036)

### Related:

1. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian terrorist_
2. [For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-reports-of-injuries-or-claims-of-responsib.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
3. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [At least 12 Palestinians, including 3 civilians, are killed by Israeli air strikes in Gaza in response to numerous mortar and rocket attacks. ](/news/2011/04/8/at-least-12-palestinians-including-3-civilians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-in-response-to-numerous-mortar-and-rocket-attacks.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire and halt their rocket fire at Israel if Israel stops attacking targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/26/hamas-states-that-it-will-agree-to-a-ceasefire-and-halt-their-rocket-fire-at-israel-if-israel-stops-attacking-targets-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
7. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [More than 50 mortar rounds are fired from the Gaza Strip at an area in the Western Negev, Israel, injuring two Israeli civilians in response to Israeli airstrikes earlier in the week, which was itself a response to a previous Palestinian mortar attack from Gaza. Israel counterresponds with artillery and airstrikes killing two Palestinian militants. ](/news/2011/03/19/more-than-50-mortar-rounds-are-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-at-an-area-in-the-western-negev-israel-injuring-two-israeli-civilians-in-response.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian terrorist_
9. [In response to the firing of a Kassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into southern Israel, Israel planes bomb three targets, including two refugee camps and a weapons factory in the Gaza Strip, injuring two people. ](/news/2011/01/3/in-response-to-the-firing-of-a-kassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-southern-israel-israel-planes-bomb-three-targets-including-two-refug.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Palestinians fire three rockets from Gaza, landing in Israel's Ashkelon region, shortly after IDF soldiers kill a 65 year old farmer for unknown reasons, and bomb two sites in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/01/10/palestinians-fire-three-rockets-from-gaza-landing-in-israel-s-ashkelon-region-shortly-after-idf-soldiers-kill-a-65-year-old-farmer-for-unk.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
