### [2010-12-18](/news/2010/12/18/index.md)

# An Italian court grants Amanda Knox a review of the forensic evidence used to convict her of the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher. 

Amanda Knox has been granted a review of the forensic evidence used to convict her of the murder of British student Meredith Kercher.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12025862)

### Related:

1. [The Congolese bar owner whom Amanda Knox falsely accused of killing Meredith Kercher criticises a lack of justice in the surprise decision by Italy to quash her conviction yesterday, citing diplomatic pressure coupled with Knox's wealth and status as American, as opposed to his being African. ](/news/2015/03/28/the-congolese-bar-owner-whom-amanda-knox-falsely-accused-of-killing-meredith-kercher-criticises-a-lack-of-justice-in-the-surprise-decision-b.md) _Context: Amanda Knox, Italian_
2. [Italy's highest court acquits American Amanda Knox and Italian Raffaele Sollecito of the murder of Briton Meredith Kercher. ](/news/2015/03/27/italy-s-highest-court-acquits-american-amanda-knox-and-italian-raffaele-sollecito-of-the-murder-of-briton-meredith-kercher.md) _Context: Amanda Knox, Italian_
3. [Italy's Court of Cassation overturns the acquittals of Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito in the murder of Meredith Kercher and orders a retrial. However, Knox, who returned home immediately upon release, is not expected to be there as the U.S. tends not to extradite its citizens to face legal action. ](/news/2013/03/26/italy-s-court-of-cassation-overturns-the-acquittals-of-amanda-knox-and-raffaele-sollecito-in-the-murder-of-meredith-kercher-and-orders-a-ret.md) _Context: Amanda Knox, Italian_
4. [ An Italian jury finds Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito guilty in the case of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in Perugia. Knox is sentenced to 26 years in prison, Sollecito to 25. ](/news/2009/12/4/an-italian-jury-finds-amanda-knox-and-raffaele-sollecito-guilty-in-the-case-of-the-2007-murder-of-meredith-kercher-in-perugia-knox-is-sent.md) _Context: Amanda Knox, Italian_
5. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
6. [France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-to-prevent-italian-shipbuild.md) _Context: Italian_
7. [Wildfires devastate the Italian provinces of Messina, Naples, Enna and Rome. The Vesuvius National Park is reportedly completely destroyed by flames and ash. Italian police claim the fires are the work of arsonists. ](/news/2017/07/12/wildfires-devastate-the-italian-provinces-of-messina-naples-enna-and-rome-the-vesuvius-national-park-is-reportedly-completely-destroyed-b.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [Italian rock singer Vasco Rossi broke the world record of biggest ticketed concert with 220,000 paying guests hosted at Enzo Ferrari Park in Modena, Italy. (Previous record belonged to a-Ha with 198,000 paying guests, set in 1991 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) ](/news/2017/07/1/italian-rock-singer-vasco-rossi-broke-the-world-record-of-biggest-ticketed-concert-with-220-000-paying-guests-hosted-at-enzo-ferrari-park-in.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [More than 1,500 people are injured when panic erupts among Juventus fans who are watching the 2017 UEFA Champions League Final on Piazza San Carlo in Turin, Italy. ](/news/2017/06/3/more-than-1-500-people-are-injured-when-panic-erupts-among-juventus-fans-who-are-watching-the-2017-uefa-champions-league-final-on-piazza-san.md) _Context: Italian_
10. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: Italian_
