### [2010-12-18](/news/2010/12/18/index.md)

# Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrives for a working visit in Pakistan and meets with Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani. 

Pakistan rolled out the red carpet for its all-weather friend China on Friday as Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao landed here from India without making any reference detrimental to Islamabad as has been won


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/article959171.ece)

### Related:

1. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: China's, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
2. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani commences a state visit to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/05/17/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yusuf-raza-gilani-commences-a-state-visit-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: China's, Prime Minister, Yusuf Raza Gilani_
3. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao says the country needs to carry out political reforms in order to support achievements made in its economic restructuring, contradicting statements by other Politburo members. ](/news/2011/03/14/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-says-the-country-needs-to-carry-out-political-reforms-in-order-to-support-achievements-made-in-its-economic-restr.md) _Context: China's, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
4. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao begins a trade visit to India. ](/news/2010/12/15/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-begins-a-trade-visit-to-india.md) _Context: China's, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
5. [ The first plenary session of the 11th National People's Congress begins in China. Premier Wen Jiabao delivers the last annual government report in his first term of office. ](/news/2008/03/5/the-first-plenary-session-of-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-begins-in-china-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-the-last-annual-government-re.md) _Context: China's, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
6. [ The 2007 National People's Congress opens at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China. In his report to the nation, Premier Wen Jiabao focuses on environmental concerns, narrowing the wealth gap, controlling housing prices, and "resolute opposition" to Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/5/the-2007-national-people-s-congress-opens-at-the-great-hall-of-the-people-in-beijing-china-in-his-report-to-the-nation-premier-wen-jiaba.md) _Context: China's, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
7. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
9. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
10. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
