### [2010-12-18](/news/2010/12/18/index.md)

# The United States Senate repeals "Don't Ask Don't Tell" by a vote of 65-35. The bill will now be sent to President Barack Obama to be signed. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/19/us/politics/19cong.html?_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
2. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate votes 99-0 in favor of a ten-year extension of the Iran Sanctions Act, the measure will now be sent to President Barack Obama to sign into law. The act was due to expire on December 31, 2016, if not renewed. ](/news/2016/12/1/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-votes-99-0-in-favor-of-a-ten-year-extension-of-the-iran-sanctions-act-the-measure.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
3. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
4. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition-s Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama-s death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalition-s-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
5. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58. In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama. Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-co.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
6. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
7. [Upcoming congressional votes: President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/upcoming-congressional-votes-president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-con.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
8. [Trans-Pacific Partnership: The United States Senate approves a motion giving President Barack Obama fast track authority to complete trade negotiations with 11 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. ](/news/2015/06/24/trans-pacific-partnership-the-united-states-senate-approves-a-motion-giving-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-to-complete-trade-n.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
9. [The United States Senate passes legislation to allow President Barack Obama to fast track trade negotiations with other countries. ](/news/2015/05/22/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-allow-president-barack-obama-to-fast-track-trade-negotiations-with-other-countries.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
10. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Senate_
