### [2009-12-9](/news/2009/12/9/index.md)

#  British Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling delivers the pre Budget report, with tax rises and spending cuts to reduce the government debt. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8405028.stm)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704240504574586090712007038.html?mod=googlenews_wsj)

### Related:

1. [ Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling releases details of a rescue package aimed at restoring confidence in British Banks. As part of the deal the British Government will provide GBP50bn of investment, provide a further GBP200bn in short term loans and guarantee up to GBP250bn of intra-bank loans ](/news/2008/10/8/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-releases-details-of-a-rescue-package-aimed-at-restoring-confidence-in-british-banks.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
2. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
3. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
4. [Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. ](/news/2013/05/11/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-says-that-the-finance-ministers-and-central-bankers-of-the-g7-have-agreed-there-must.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
5. [Former UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling launches Better Together, the "no" campaign for the forthcoming referendum on Scottish independence. ](/news/2012/06/25/former-uk-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-launches-better-together-the-no-campaign-for-the-forthcoming-referendum-on-scottis.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
6. [George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. ](/news/2011/02/8/george-osborne-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-announces-that-the-tax-on-bank-profits-will-become-permanent.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
7. [United Kingdom Chancellor Alistair Darling presents his 2010 United Kingdom Budget to the House of Commons.](/news/2010/03/24/united-kingdom-chancellor-alistair-darling-presents-his-2010-united-kingdom-budget-to-the-house-of-commons.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
8. [ Chancellor Alistair Darling states there is "growing evidence" that government measures have stabilised the British banking system and economy. ](/news/2009/06/18/chancellor-alistair-darling-states-there-is-growing-evidence-that-government-measures-have-stabilised-the-british-banking-system-and-econ.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, United Kingdom_
9. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
10. [ Nominations open for the leadership of the United Kingdom Labour Party with Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown as the favourite. ](/news/2007/05/14/nominations-open-for-the-leadership-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-with-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-gordon-brown-as-the-favourite.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
