### [2009-12-9](/news/2009/12/9/index.md)

#  For the first time since the return of democracy in 1986, the Congress of the Philippines is debating in a joint session to discuss whether to approve, revoke or extend the declaration of martial law in Maguindanao. 




### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](http://abs-cbnnews.com/nation/12/09/09/36-lawmakers-sign-anti-martial-law-resolutions)

### Related:

1. [ The President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declares martial law in Maguindanao following the Maguindanao massacre. ](/news/2009/12/5/the-president-of-the-philippines-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-martial-law-in-maguindanao-following-the-maguindanao-massacre.md) _Context: Maguindanao, martial law_
2. [ President of the Philippines Gloria Arroyo lifts martial law in Maguindanao in the south of the country, where 57 people were killed in political violence there last month. ](/news/2009/12/12/president-of-the-philippines-gloria-arroyo-lifts-martial-law-in-maguindanao-in-the-south-of-the-country-where-57-people-were-killed-in-pol.md) _Context: Maguindanao, martial law_
3. [Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
4. [Martial law in the Philippines: Proclamation No. 216: After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/martial-law-in-the-philippines-proclamation-no-216-after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippi.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
5. [Martial law in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
6. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
7. [Paris attack aftermath: French intelligence services are reportedly operating under the theory that Paris-attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has escaped to Syria despite country-wide martial law in 3 different countries. ](/news/2015/11/30/paris-attack-aftermath-french-intelligence-services-are-reportedly-operating-under-the-theory-that-paris-attacks-suspect-salah-abdeslam-has.md) _Context: martial law_
8. [Maguindanao massacre: Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians, in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/maguindanao-massacre-human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-p.md) _Context: Maguindanao_
9. [A bomb destroys a transmission tower in Pagalungan leaving much of the Philippine provinces of Maguindanao and North Cotabato without power. ](/news/2015/01/14/a-bomb-destroys-a-transmission-tower-in-pagalungan-leaving-much-of-the-philippine-provinces-of-maguindanao-and-north-cotabato-without-power.md) _Context: Maguindanao_
10. [The impeachment cases against Benigno Aquino III are scrapped by the Philippine Congress, where his party currently holds the majority. ](/news/2014/09/2/the-impeachment-cases-against-benigno-aquino-iii-are-scrapped-by-the-philippine-congress-where-his-party-currently-holds-the-majority.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines_
