### [2009-12-9](/news/2009/12/9/index.md)

#  The United States government agrees to pay $3.4 billion to settle ''Cobell v. Salazar'', a class-action lawsuit brought by Native American representatives who claimed that it has incorrectly accounted for Native American trust assets. 

The Obama administration on Tuesday announced it would pay Native Americans $3.4 billion to settle a class-action lawsuit that claimed the federal government cheated tribes for more than a century...


### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/usa/US-Historic-Native-American-Lawsuit-08DEC09--78806322.html)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-12/09/content_12617125.htm)
3. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation-and-world/la-na-indian-settlement9-2009dec09,0,6296252.story)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the Bears Ears in Utah and Gold Butte area of Nevada as National Monuments. Both are known for the presence of Native American populations and archaeological sites. ](/news/2016/12/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-bears-ears-in-utah-and-gold-butte-area-of-nevada-as-national-monuments-both-are-known-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Native American_
2. [The United States Supreme Court,  in a 6-2 ruling written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, upholds the  8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' $5.8 million class action judgment against Tyson Foods Incorporated filed by workers at an Iowa pork-processing facility who contended they were underpaid. ](/news/2016/03/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-written-by-justice-anthony-kennedy-upholds-the-8th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-5-8-m.md) _Context: class action_
3. [Dow Chemical agrees to pay $835 million to settle a decade-long, price-fixing, class-action dispute. Dow states that the uncertainty about the U.S. Supreme Court makeup following Justice Antonin Scalia's death means there is an "increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits." The urethane chemicals case, from 2005, was against a number of companies; Dow had been the only defendant not to settle. ](/news/2016/02/26/dow-chemical-agrees-to-pay-835-million-to-settle-a-decade-long-price-fixing-class-action-dispute-dow-states-that-the-uncertainty-about-t.md) _Context: class action_
4. [The Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, a tribunal of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, rules 2-1 to cancel several trademarks of the NFL's Washington Redskins on the basis that they were "disparaging to Native Americans." The cancellation will be stayed while the team appeals in federal court, a process likely to take years. ](/news/2014/06/18/the-trademark-trial-and-appeal-board-a-tribunal-of-the-united-states-patent-and-trademark-office-rules-2a1-to-cancel-several-trademarks.md) _Context: Native American_
5. [The remains of an infant boy from the Clovis culture is determined to be Native American. ](/news/2014/02/13/the-remains-of-an-infant-boy-from-the-clovis-culture-is-determined-to-be-native-american.md) _Context: Native American_
6. [The United States Senate settles with a payment of $4.6 billion to black farmers and at least 300,000 Native Americans who objected to government discrimination and cheating in ''Cobell v. Salazar''. ](/news/2010/11/20/the-united-states-senate-settles-with-a-payment-of-4-6-billion-to-black-farmers-and-at-least-300-000-native-americans-who-objected-to-gover.md) _Context: Cobell v. Salazar_
7. [ United States District Court judge Stanwood Duval dismisses a class action suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over flooding from a levee breach in New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-district-court-judge-stanwood-duval-dismisses-a-class-action-suit-against-the-u-s-army-corps-of-engineers-over-flooding-from.md) _Context: class action_
8. [ Ford Motor Company settles class action lawsuits in California, Connecticut, Illinois and Texas over 1991-2001 models of the Ford Explorer. ](/news/2007/11/28/ford-motor-company-settles-class-action-lawsuits-in-california-connecticut-illinois-and-texas-over-1991-2001-models-of-the-ford-explorer.md) _Context: class action_
9. [ United States district judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana Eldon Fallon rules that over seven thousand federal lawsuits against pharmaceutical company Merck claiming that its drug Vioxx caused heart problems could not be combined into one class action suit. ](/news/2006/11/22/united-states-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-louisiana-eldon-fallon-rules-that-over-seven-thousand-federal-lawsuits-against-pha.md) _Context: class action_
10. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a Class Action Fairness Act that intends to curb class action suits, moving them from state courts to federal courts. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-class-action-fairness-act-that-intends-to-curb-class-action-suits-moving-them-from-sta.md) _Context: class action_
