### [2015-12-9](/news/2015/12/9/index.md)

# A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. 

While city officials acknowledged that they can&#x27;t legally stop Trump from traveling into their communities, many joined the backlash against him.


### Source:

1. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/american-mayors-want-ban-donald-trump-cities-message-hate-n476566)

### Related:

1. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia, United States_
2. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This is the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/16/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1-2.md) _Context: Philadelphia, United States_
3. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/15/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1.md) _Context: Philadelphia, United States_
4. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
5. [The cold snap continues in the northeastern United States with record lows forecast in major cities like New York City and Philadelphia. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-cold-snap-continues-in-the-northeastern-united-states-with-record-lows-forecast-in-major-cities-like-new-york-city-and-philadelphia.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia_
6. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
7. [Two nephews of  Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
8. [Amtrak resumes train services between New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, following a fatal train derailment on May 12. ](/news/2015/05/18/amtrak-resumes-train-services-between-new-york-city-and-philadelphia-pennsylvania-following-a-fatal-train-derailment-on-may-12.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia_
9. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
10. [Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-awaiting-trial-for-allegedly-plotting-the.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
