### [2015-12-9](/news/2015/12/9/index.md)

# Azeri tanks on the front line shell military positions in the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic for the first time since a Russian-brokered ceasefire ended fighting in 1994. At least one Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army soldier is killed. 

Azerbaijani tanks on Wednesday shelled positions in the breakaway Nagorny Karabakh region for the first time in more than 20 years, the rebel defence ministry said, as Armenia arrested a former army officer accused of spying for its archfoe. Armenia and Azerbaijan fought a bloody conflict over the disputed


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/azerbaijani-tanks-shell-breakaway-region-rebels-001012716.html)

### Related:

1. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
2. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
3. [Four Azerbaijani soldiers are killed in fresh clashes with Armenian groups near the border of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2014/08/3/four-azerbaijani-soldiers-are-killed-in-fresh-clashes-with-armenian-groups-near-the-border-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
4. [Five more Azeri troops are killed in overnight fighting with ethnic Armenians in Nagorno-Karabakh. The casualties bring the death toll to at least 13 in a flare-up of violence over the last few days around Nagorno-Karabakh. Russia has said that any further escalation is unacceptable. ](/news/2014/08/2/five-more-azeri-troops-are-killed-in-overnight-fighting-with-ethnic-armenians-in-nagorno-karabakh-the-casualties-bring-the-death-toll-to-at.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, Russia_
5. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
6. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Russia_
7. [ Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-one-day-after-30-soldiers-died-the-associated-press-reports-reb.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
8. [According to officials from the breakaway region of Nagorno-Karabakh, one of their soldiers was killed overnight by Azerbaijani troops. ](/news/2016/04/27/according-to-officials-from-the-breakaway-region-of-nagorno-karabakh-one-of-their-soldiers-was-killed-overnight-by-azerbaijani-troops.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
9. [Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successive-day-after-an-escalation-of-a-dispute-over-the-boundaries-between-azerbaijan.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
10. [At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-yesterday-azerbaijan-shelle.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
