### [2015-12-9](/news/2015/12/9/index.md)

# Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that  started when Xi took office three years ago. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-corruption-court-idUSKBN0TS08F20151209#27OchWCcJTvYgfyH.97)

### Related:

1. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
2. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
3. [Xi Jinping, the President of the People's Republic of China, assures that China will prevent war breaking out between North Korea and South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/28/xi-jinping-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-assures-that-china-will-prevent-war-breaking-out-between-north-korea-and-south.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
4. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
5. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Xi Jinping_
6. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
7. [Xi Jinping, the President of China, travels to India to improve trade links and attempt to resolve decades old disputes over borders. ](/news/2014/09/17/xi-jinping-the-president-of-china-travels-to-india-to-improve-trade-links-and-attempt-to-resolve-decades-old-disputes-over-borders.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
8. [The President of China, Xi Jinping, arrives in South Korea for talks with the President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye, days after a North Korean missile test.](/news/2014/07/3/the-president-of-china-xi-jinping-arrives-in-south-korea-for-talks-with-the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-days-after-a-north-ko.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
9. [The President of South Korea Park Geun-hye arrives in the People's Republic of China for four days of talks with the President of China Xi Jinping in an effort to reduce tensions on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/06/27/the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-arrives-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-for-four-days-of-talks-with-the-president-of-china-xi-j.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
10. [Chinese President Xi Jinping opens the Boao Forum for Asia  in Boao, Hainan, by calling on entrepreneurs to form a united voice and vision for the common development of Asia. ](/news/2013/04/8/chinese-president-xi-jinping-opens-the-boao-forum-for-asia-in-boao-hainan-by-calling-on-entrepreneurs-to-form-a-united-voice-and-vision-f.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
