### [2015-12-9](/news/2015/12/9/index.md)

# Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]




### Related:

1. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, Havana, United States embargo against Cuba_
2. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
4. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in 12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
5. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
6. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States embargo against Cuba_
7. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez claims that former Cuban President Fidel Castro recently appeared publicly in Havana for the first time since 2006. ](/news/2009/02/27/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-claims-that-former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-recently-appeared-publicly-in-havana-for-the-first-time-s.md) _Context: Cuba, Fidel Castro, Havana_
8. [Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-forced-u-s-officials-to-return-h.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
9. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations_
10. [The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-treated-for-hearing-loss-following-up-on-yesterday-s-report.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
