### [2015-12-9](/news/2015/12/9/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3353098/Turkey-urges-citizens-leave-Iraq-excluding-Iraqi-Kurdistan-foreign-ministry.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq-Turkey relations: Iraq's Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, renewed demands that Turkey fully withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, asserting that Turkey must respect Iraq's sovereignty or face potential military action. Last month the Turkish army mounted a big offensive invasion into Iraq's Kurdish territory including tanks and artillery without permission or even negotiation with the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/12/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-turkey-relations-iraq-s-foreign-minister-ibrahim-al-jaafari-renewed-demands-that-turkey-fully-wi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey-s foreign ministry says it will continue to move some of its troops out of a military base at Bashiqa in Nineveh province in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-s-foreign-ministry-says-it-will-continue-to-move-some-of-its-troops-out-of-a-military-base-at-bas.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
6. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
7. [Turkish warplanes carry out a series of airstrikes against suspected Kurdish targets in Iraq and Turkish soldiers withdraw from Iraqi territory after sending troops in pursuit of Kurdish rebels in the latest fighting between Turkey and Kurdish rebels. ](/news/2010/06/17/turkish-warplanes-carry-out-a-series-of-airstrikes-against-suspected-kurdish-targets-in-iraq-and-turkish-soldiers-withdraw-from-iraqi-territ.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
8. [ Turkey bombs Kurdish military targets in northern Iraq. ](/news/2008/10/11/turkey-bombs-kurdish-military-targets-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
9. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. ](/news/2007/10/20/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-criticizes-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-his-support-of-a-possible-turkish-attack-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
