### [1999-03-1](/news/1999/03/1/index.md)

#  Rwandan Hutu rebels kill and hack to pieces eight foreign tourists at the Buhoma homestead, Uganda




### Related:

1. [2016 Tanzanian earthquake: A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/2016-tanzanian-earthquake-a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuri.md) _Context: Rwanda, Uganda_
2. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda_
3. [A United Nations expert panel reports that although the two governments deny it, Rwanda and Uganda continue to support the March 23 Movement. ](/news/2012/10/16/a-united-nations-expert-panel-reports-that-although-the-two-governments-deny-it-rwanda-and-uganda-continue-to-support-the-march-23-movement.md) _Context: Rwanda, Uganda_
4. [The International Criminal Court dismisses charges against Callixte Mbarushimana, a Rwandan rebel accused of the torture, rape and murder of Congolese villagers by Hutu militia in 2009. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-international-criminal-court-dismisses-charges-against-callixte-mbarushimana-a-rwandan-rebel-accused-of-the-torture-rape-and-murder-of.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda_
5. [Rwandan genocide suspect Bernard Munyagishari is arrested, accused of murdering Tutsis and moderate Hutus in 1994. ](/news/2011/05/26/rwandan-genocide-suspect-bernard-munyagishari-is-arrested-accused-of-murdering-tutsis-and-moderate-hutus-in-1994.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda_
6. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda_
7. [The United Nations publishes a toned down version of its report into war crimes said to have occurred in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1990s after Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi rejected the report's findings. ](/news/2010/10/1/the-united-nations-publishes-a-toned-down-version-of-its-report-into-war-crimes-said-to-have-occurred-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-cong.md) _Context: Rwanda, Uganda_
8. [Uganda's government defends the forced repatriation of 1,700 Rwandan refugees, deemed "heavy-handed" by the United Nations; two people are killed in a group alleged to be a security risk following the July 2010 Kampala attacks. ](/news/2010/07/20/uganda-s-government-defends-the-forced-repatriation-of-1-700-rwandan-refugees-deemed-heavy-handed-by-the-united-nations-two-people-are-k.md) _Context: Rwanda, Uganda_
9. [Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda sign an agreement to seek more water from the Nile, a move opposed by Egypt and Sudan. Kenya issues a support statement. ](/news/2010/05/14/ethiopia-rwanda-tanzania-and-uganda-sign-an-agreement-to-seek-more-water-from-the-nile-a-move-opposed-by-egypt-and-sudan-kenya-issues-a.md) _Context: Rwanda, Uganda_
10. [ The Rwandan Defense Forces and Congolese Armed Forces jointly search the Democratic Republic of the Congo for Hutu leaders who participated in the 1994 Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2009/01/20/the-rwandan-defense-forces-and-congolese-armed-forces-jointly-search-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-for-hutu-leaders-who-participated.md) _Context: Hutu, Rwanda_
