### [2015-03-17](/news/2015/03/17/index.md)

# Israeli legislative election, 2015:The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. 

Simple instructions for the first-time voter, and a refresher for the rest of us


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/03/17/exit-polls-in-israeli-national-election-show-no-clear-winners/)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/18/world/middleeast/israel-election-netanyahu-herzog.html)
3. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/elections-2015-a-users-guide/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli legislative election, 2015: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives at an agreement with Habayit Hayehudi - the last party to join - just before the midnight deadline for the talks. With Naftali Bennett's party agreeing to a deal, Netanyahu's coalition will number 61 Members of the Knesset - the bare minimum needed. ](/news/2015/05/6/israeli-legislative-election-2015-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-at-an-agreement-with-habayit-hayehudi-the-last-party-to-join.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
2. [The President of Israel Reuven Rivlin opens discussions over the formation of a new government, with Benjamin Netanyahu expected to return as Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/03/22/the-president-of-israel-reuven-rivlin-opens-discussions-over-the-formation-of-a-new-government-with-benjamin-netanyahu-expected-to-return-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015, President_
3. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu fires Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Finance Minister Yair Lapid amid the imminent breakup of the government coalition and dissolution of the Knesset ahead of new elections. ](/news/2014/12/2/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-fires-justice-minister-tzipi-livni-and-finance-minister-yair-lapid-amid-the-imminent-breakup-of-th.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
4. [ Israeli President Shimon Peres selects Likud Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu to form the country's next government. ](/news/2009/02/20/israeli-president-shimon-peres-selects-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-to-form-the-country-s-next-government.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, President_
5. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, parliament in Israel_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, parliament in Israel_
7. [The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-israeli-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-itself-with-new-elections-called-for-march-17.md) _Context: Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
8. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
9. [Labor and Hatnuah agree to run in a joint list for the March 2015 elections in Israel in a bid to establish a large center-left political bloc and remove Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from power; Isaac Herzog and Tzipi Livni, should they win the elections, will share the prime ministership on rotation. ](/news/2014/12/10/labor-and-hatnuah-agree-to-run-in-a-joint-list-for-the-march-2015-elections-in-israel-in-a-bid-to-establish-a-large-center-left-political-bl.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015_
10. [The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. ](/news/2014/07/7/the-alliance-between-the-israel-s-right-wing-parties-likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-is-dissolved-reducing-the-ruling-party-s-share-of-seats-in.md) _Context: Likud, parliament in Israel_
