### [2017-07-21](/news/2017/07/21/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: 

Israeli police have banned men under the age of 50 from entering one of Jerusalem’s holiest sites as security is stepped up across the city.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/the-latest-group-says-10-prominent-palestinians-detained/2017/07/21/872c2a76-6ddc-11e7-abbc-a53480672286_story.html?utm_term=.39e9105b4282)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-40678746)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/21/middleeast/old-city-prayer-restrictions-imposed/index.html)
4. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/al-aqsa-mosque-tensions-israel-bans-men-under-50-jerusalem-n785141)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestine-idUSKBN1A62IS)
6. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/21/world/middleeast/jerusalem-israel-protests-al-aqsa-mosque.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: 2017 Temple Mount crisis, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Temple Mount_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Jordan, Muslim, Temple Mount_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-wit.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinians_
6. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon_
7. [ Qur'an desecration by US military: Protests have occurred in Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, Lebanon and Malaysia after the US military admitted that the Qur'an had been "mishandled" by soldiers. ](/news/2005/05/27/qur-an-desecration-by-us-military-protests-have-occurred-in-egypt-pakistan-jordan-lebanon-and-malaysia-after-the-us-military-admitted-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Seven Palestinians are killed when an Israeli tank opens fire on farmland in the northern Gaza Strip. Palestinian presidential candidate and Fatah leader Mahmoud Abbas responds to the deaths with a strong verbal attack on the "Zionist enemy" Israel. Six of the dead were from the same family, including an 11-year-old boy. All the dead were civilians younger than 18. ](/news/2005/01/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-seven-palestinians-are-killed-when-an-israeli-tank-opens-fire-on-farmland-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-pales.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinians_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinians_
