### [2017-07-21](/news/2017/07/21/index.md)

# Political appointments by Donald Trump: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. 

Mr. Spicer quit after telling President Trump he vehemently disagreed with the appointment of the financier Anthony Scaramucci as communications director.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/07/21/politics/sean-spicer-resigns-anthony-scaramucci/index.html)
2. [New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/21/us/politics/sean-spicer-resigns-as-white-house-press-secretary.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Newly-appointed White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly fires Director of Communications Anthony Scaramucci less than ten days after Scaramucci took up his post. ](/news/2017/07/31/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-newly-appointed-white-house-chief-of-staff-john-f-kelly-fires-director-of-communications-anthony-sc.md) _Context: Anthony Scaramucci, Director of Communications, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
2. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
3. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. ](/news/2017/07/28/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-homeland-security-secretary-john-f-kelly-will-be-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
4. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump nominates Mark Esper as Secretary of the Army. ](/news/2017/07/19/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-mark-esper-as-secretary-of-the-army.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
5. [Michael Dubke resigns as President Trump's White House Communications Director after three months on the job. ](/news/2017/05/30/michael-dubke-resigns-as-president-trump-s-white-house-communications-director-after-three-months-on-the-job.md) _Context: Director of Communications, Donald Trump_
6. [Executive Order 13769: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, during the daily press briefing, says State Department officials should follow the President's program or get new jobs . ](/news/2017/01/30/executive-order-13769-white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-during-the-daily-press-briefing-says-state-department-officials-should-foll.md) _Context: Sean Spicer, White House Press Secretary_
7. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [2017 North Korea crisis: U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
