### [2015-02-13](/news/2015/02/13/index.md)

# Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. 

Boko Haram militants from Nigeria attack a village on the shores of Lake Chad overnight, the first such attack on Chadian soil, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-31453951)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/80983000/jpg/_80983142_80983141.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon, Benin, and Chad join together to combat Boko Haram. ](/news/2014/05/17/nigeria-niger-cameroon-benin-and-chad-join-together-to-combat-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, Nigeria_
2. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad, Nigeria_
3. [An overnight raid by suspected Boko Haram militants on Niger's southern border town of Abadam, kills two Nigerien Army soldiers and three civilians. And, separately, a suicide-bomb attack on Lake Chad killed three of the attackers but no one else. A military convoy was also ambushed by militants in northern Cameroon, although there were no reported deaths. ](/news/2015/12/23/an-overnight-raid-by-suspected-boko-haram-militants-on-niger-s-southern-border-town-of-abadam-kills-two-nigerien-army-soldiers-and-three-ci.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Lake Chad, Niger_
4. [A Boko Haram attack near Lake Chad kills at least 11 Chadian troops while 17 Boko Haram militants are also reportedly killed in the fighting following the pre-dawn strike on Chadian army positions. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-boko-haram-attack-near-lake-chad-kills-at-least-11-chadian-troops-while-17-boko-haram-militants-are-also-reportedly-killed-in-the-fighting.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Chad, Lake Chad_
5. [Suspected Boko Haram militants kill 14 civilians in the southeast Diffa Region of Niger near the Nigerian border. The Nigerien government recently approved a law prolonging a 15-day state of emergency for the Diffa region by three months in a bid to boost security. ](/news/2015/10/28/suspected-boko-haram-militants-kill-14-civilians-in-the-southeast-diffa-region-of-niger-near-the-nigerian-border-the-nigerien-government-re.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger, Nigeria_
6. [Suspected militants from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram killed 26 people in attacks on two villages on Lake Chad, Chad. ](/news/2015/07/8/suspected-militants-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-killed-26-people-in-attacks-on-two-villages-on-lake-chad-chad.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Chad, Lake Chad_
7. [Forces from Niger and Chad launch a ground and air offensive against Boko Haram Islamist militants in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2015/03/8/forces-from-niger-and-chad-launch-a-ground-and-air-offensive-against-boko-haram-islamist-militants-in-northeastern-nigeria.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Niger, Nigeria_
8. [Chadian soldiers kill over 200 Boko Haram fighters in a clash near the town of Garambu, close to Nigeria's border with Cameroon. One Chad Army soldier is killed and nine wounded. ](/news/2015/02/24/chadian-soldiers-kill-over-200-boko-haram-fighters-in-a-clash-near-the-town-of-garambu-close-to-nigeria-s-border-with-cameroon-one-chad-ar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
9. [Refugees flee Nigeria's Borno State following the Boko Haram massacre in the town of Baga. 7,300 flee to neighbouring Chad while over 1,000 are trapped on the island of Kangala in Lake Chad. Nigeria's army vows to recapture the town, while Niger and Chad withdraw their forces from a transnational force tasked with combating militants. ](/news/2015/01/9/refugees-flee-nigeria-s-borno-state-following-the-boko-haram-massacre-in-the-town-of-baga-7-300-flee-to-neighbouring-chad-while-over-1-000.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad, Niger_
10. [Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/following-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-haram-militants-the-russian-ambassa.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
