### [2006-07-18](/news/2006/07/18/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives fails to pass a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage with a 236-187 vote; 47 short of the necessary two-thirds support needed to pass an amendment. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/07/18/AR2006071800192.html)

### Related:

1. [American politician Barney Frank marries his long-time partner James Ready, becoming the first member of the United States House of Representatives to enter into a same-sex marriage. ](/news/2012/07/7/american-politician-barney-frank-marries-his-long-time-partner-james-ready-becoming-the-first-member-of-the-united-states-house-of-represen.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The proposed Federal Marriage Amendment (HJR 106) is rejected by the United States House of Representatives by a vote of 227&ndash;186. ](/news/2004/09/30/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-proposed-federal-marriage-amendment-hjr-106-is-rejected-by-the-united-states-house-of-represe.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, constitutional amendment to ban_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Staff advisors for U.S. President George W. Bush say he will support the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment to the U.S. Constitution which would outlaw same-sex marriage and federalize marriage law, which has been set by individual states since the founding of the country.](/news/2004/02/14/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-staff-advisors-for-u-s-president-george-w-bush-say-he-will-support-the-proposed-federal-marriage.md) _Context: constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
5. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
