### [2006-07-18](/news/2006/07/18/index.md)

#  Western governments evacuate their citizens from Lebanon any way they can. 

While army continues to strike Hizbullah, limit its weapons resources, outside groups trying to rearm group. IAF manages to bomb trucks transporting missiles from Syria. IDF Maj.-Gen. Eisenkot: These rockets belong to Syrian army


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2205760&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601101&sid=aKzegZwV1t3c)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/07/18/lebanon.evacuation/index.html?section=cnn_latest)
4. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3278029,00.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli PM Ehud Olmert is criticised by the Winograd Commission for taking Israel to war in Lebanon last year "hastily". ](/news/2007/04/30/israeli-pm-ehud-olmert-is-criticised-by-the-winograd-commission-for-taking-israel-to-war-in-lebanon-last-year-hastily.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
2. [ The last Israeli troops leave Lebanon in accordance with UN Resolution 1701, two months after occupying the territory. UNIFIL officials, however, claim that they still occupy the border village of Ghajar. ](/news/2006/10/1/the-last-israeli-troops-leave-lebanon-in-accordance-with-un-resolution-1701-two-months-after-occupying-the-territory-unifil-officials-ho.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
3. [Israel says it will lift its air and sea blockade of Lebanon. ](/news/2006/09/7/israel-says-it-will-lift-its-air-and-sea-blockade-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
4. [ The Turkish Parliament votes to authorize the Turkish government to send troops to the United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. Deputy speaker Nevzat Pakdil said 340 of the 533 lawmakers present in the 550-seat house voted for the deployment; 192 voted against and one abstained. ](/news/2006/09/5/the-turkish-parliament-votes-to-authorize-the-turkish-government-to-send-troops-to-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-in-lebanon-deputy.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
5. [ The United Nations Human Rights Council has voted to send a team to Lebanon to investigate alleged abuses by Israel. ](/news/2006/08/12/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-has-voted-to-send-a-team-to-lebanon-to-investigate-alleged-abuses-by-israel.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
6. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon_
