### [2005-12-9](/news/2005/12/9/index.md)

#  The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/story/canadavotes2006/national/2005/12/09/katrina-global-warming-bush-martin.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin, United States_
2. [ In response to Canadian Prime Minister criticizing the United States on its resistance to climate change initiatives, the U.S. Ambassador to Canada, David Wilkins, openly responds to the statements that he complains were used for political advantage during an election.](/news/2005/12/13/in-response-to-canadian-prime-minister-criticizing-the-united-states-on-its-resistance-to-climate-change-initiatives-the-u-s-ambassador-t.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, United States, ambassador_
3. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, United States_
4. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Canada, George W. Bush, United States_
5. [ Canadian federal election, 2006 - Canadian Governor General Michalle Jean formally dissolves Parliament, following Prime Minister Paul Martin's loss of a confidence vote, and calls a federal election for January 23, 2006. ](/news/2005/11/29/canadian-federal-election-2006-canadian-governor-general-michaelle-jean-formally-dissolves-parliament-following-prime-minister-paul-mar.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin_
6. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. [http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/11/28/noconfidencevote051128.html (CBC)].](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin_
7. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-w.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin_
8. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
9. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has set May 19 for a vote in the House of Commons on the federal budget. He said if his government loses the vote of confidence, he will seek the dissolution of Parliament. This means an election could come as early as June 27. ](/news/2005/05/11/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-has-set-may-19-for-a-vote-in-the-house-of-commons-on-the-federal-budget-he-said-if-his-government-lose.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
10. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
