### [2014-03-19](/news/2014/03/19/index.md)

# The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on Syrian military sites, killing 1 Syrian soldier and wounding 7 others, in retaliation for a bombing that wounded four of its troops in the Golan Heights.

A Syrian soldier is killed in air strikes launched by Israel in retaliation for a bombing in the occupied Golan Heights, Syrian state media report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-26641815)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/73678000/jpg/_73678268_73675466.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
2. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
3. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
5. [An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
6. [An Israeli Air Force F-16 crashes while attempting to land at Ramon Airbase in southern Israel, killing the pilot. A navigator who was also in the aircraft successfully ejects and escapes the incident unharmed. ](/news/2016/10/5/an-israeli-air-force-f-16-crashes-while-attempting-to-land-at-ramon-airbase-in-southern-israel-killing-the-pilot-a-navigator-who-was-also.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
7. [Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position-in-al-quneitra-near-the-israeli-occupied-g.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
8. [Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-after-a-fire-from-the-fighting-damages-a-securi.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
9. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
10. [Israeli Air Force planes hit two Hamas targets in Gaza in retaliation for rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2015/12/13/israeli-air-force-planes-hit-two-hamas-targets-in-gaza-in-retaliation-for-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
