### [2010-06-12](/news/2010/06/12/index.md)

# Al Jazeera Sports, which has exclusive broadcasting rights for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in the Middle East and North Africa, says its Nilesat and Arabsat signals are being sabotaged in an "act of piracy", as criticism mounts across the affected regions and on the internet. 

Al Jazeera Sport vows legal action over disruption of World Cup opening game telecast.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/06/2010612134143244810.html)
2. [Gulf News](http://gulfnews.com/sport/football/al-jazeera-says-its-world-cup-kick-off-broadcast-sabotaged-1.640071)
3. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?click_id=19&art_id=nw20100612103213201C179194&set_id=)
4. [The National](http://www.thenational.ae/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20100612/NATIONAL/100619939/1138/FOREIGN)

### Related:

1. [Worldwide embassy closingsThe United States closes 22 embassies in the Middle East and North Africa due to intelligence of an Al-Qaeda attack. ](/news/2013/08/4/worldwide-embassy-closingspthe-united-states-closes-22-embassies-in-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-due-to-intelligence-of-an-al-qaeda-atta.md) _Context: Middle East, North African_
2. [Lanseria International Airport reopens after the removal of the wreckage of yesterday's emergency landing involving mainly Al Jazeera Sports broadcast staff on their way to cover the 2010 FIFA World Cup game between Algeria and Slovenia in Polokwane. ](/news/2010/06/14/lanseria-international-airport-reopens-after-the-removal-of-the-wreckage-of-yesterday-s-emergency-landing-involving-mainly-al-jazeera-sports.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
3. [Egypt and Al Jazeera Sports clash over claims of interference in the transmission of 2010 FIFA World Cup soccer matches. ](/news/2010/06/14/egypt-and-al-jazeera-sports-clash-over-claims-of-interference-in-the-transmission-of-2010-fifa-world-cup-soccer-matches.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
4. [FIFA says it will assist Al Jazeera Sports in its investigation of the 2010 FIFA World Cup signal sabotage. ](/news/2010/06/13/fifa-says-it-will-assist-al-jazeera-sports-in-its-investigation-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-signal-sabotage.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
5. [A plane carrying 16 Al Jazeera Sports broadcast staff to the 2010 FIFA World Cup game between Algeria and Slovenia in Polokwane made an emergency landing at Lanseria International Airport following the jamming of the aircraft's landing gear. Lanseria International Airport is shut down. ](/news/2010/06/13/a-plane-carrying-16-al-jazeera-sports-broadcast-staff-to-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-game-between-algeria-and-slovenia-in-polokwane-made-an-emer.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Al Jazeera Sports_
6. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: Middle East_
7. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Middle East_
8. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Middle East_
9. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says  his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-d.md) _Context: Middle East_
10. [German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appearance-who-committed-sexual-assaults-on-wome.md) _Context: North African_
