### [2010-06-12](/news/2010/06/12/index.md)

# Pilots for the American low-cost carrier Spirit Airlines go on strike. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iglNcRUwvDlJfDT51gGN8SkmxOPQD9G9LFPO0)

### Related:

1. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: Spirit Airlines, United States_
2. [Workers in Hilton Hotels in the US cities of Chicago, San Francisco, and Honolulu continue a strike over what they claim are efforts to "lock workers into cheap recession contracts." ](/news/2010/10/17/workers-in-hilton-hotels-in-the-us-cities-of-chicago-san-francisco-and-honolulu-continue-a-strike-over-what-they-claim-are-efforts-to-loc.md) _Context: United States, strike_
3. [ Skybus Airlines, a new U.S.-based ultra-low-cost carrier airline, launches inaugural flights to and from Columbus, Ohio, with $10 tickets enabled by on-plane advertising and charging people for baggage, pillows, boarding priority, and refreshments.  ](/news/2007/05/22/skybus-airlines-a-new-u-s-based-ultra-low-cost-carrier-airline-launches-inaugural-flights-to-and-from-columbus-ohio-with-10-tickets-e.md) _Context: United States, low-cost carrier_
4. [The United States shoots down a pro-Syrian government drone that was flying toward U.S.-led coalition forces in southern Syria. There were no injuries or damage. An American official said this was first time forces supporting Damascus had attacked coalition troops, and that it came shortly after the U.S. bombed Syrian government and allied troops near the  town of Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-shoots-down-a-pro-syrian-government-drone-that-was-flying-toward-u-s-led-coalition-forces-in-southern-syria-there-were-n.md) _Context: United States_
5. [An explosive device is hurled at the United States embassy in Kiev. ](/news/2017/06/8/an-explosive-device-is-hurled-at-the-united-states-embassy-in-kiev.md) _Context: United States_
6. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: United States_
9. [At the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, Spirit Airlines cancels eleven flights and delays 30 due to a dispute between the airline and its pilots (as talks occur between the airline and the pilots' union, Air Line Pilots Association, International). Protests break out and three travelers are arrested. ](/news/2017/05/8/at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywood-international-airport-spirit-airlines-cancels-eleven-flights-and-delays-30-due-to-a-dispute-between-the.md) _Context: Spirit Airlines_
10. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: United States_
