### [2010-06-12](/news/2010/06/12/index.md)

# Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. 

Gaza blockade not ending yet: Egypt prevents hundreds of activists carrying Palestinian flags, trucks carrying humanitarian aid from entering Strip via Rafah Crossing; meanwhile, Hamas says no Red Cross visits for Shalit


### Source:

1. [Sify News](http://sify.com/news/thousands-of-palestinians-aid-cross-egypt-s-border-with-gaza-news-international-kgmsabjbfhh.html)
2. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3904043,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel, border town_
4. [Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. ](/news/2012/11/13/following-over-150-rockets-being-fired-into-israel-over-the-past-four-days-from-gaza-and-attacks-by-israel-egypt-has-mediated-a-truce-both.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
5. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Palestinian_
6. [Israel opposes Egypt's plan to open the Rafah Border Crossing with Gaza to two-way traffic due to its fears of "terror operatives". ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-opposes-egypt-s-plan-to-open-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-to-two-way-traffic-due-to-its-fears-of-terror-operatives.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel, border town_
7. [German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calls on Hamas to free captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and urges Israel to end its embargo of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, but does not meet with the Gaza leadership because of group's refusal to renounce violence and recognize Israel. ](/news/2010/11/8/german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-calls-on-hamas-to-free-captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-and-urges-israel-to-end-its-embargo-o.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Hamas militants fire two Qassam rockets and mortar rounds into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Israeli aircraft then bombed a smuggling tunnel under the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt.](/news/2010/09/15/hamas-militants-fire-two-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-rounds-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-israeli-aircraft-then-bombed-a-smuggling-tunnel-u.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:: The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
10. [ Israel agrees with Hamas to swap twenty female Palestinian prisoners for a videotape proving Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit is still alive. ](/news/2009/10/2/israel-agrees-with-hamas-to-swap-twenty-female-palestinian-prisoners-for-a-videotape-proving-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-is-still-alive.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
