### [2016-07-15](/news/2016/07/15/index.md)

# 2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. The Prime Minister of Turkey Binali Yildirim calls for "calm" over what he states was an "illegal attempt" by sections of the Turkish military to claim power. 

Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan was warned by world leaders on Sunday not to use the attempted coup as &ldquo;carte blanche to do whatever he wants,&quot; amid concerns the putsch has become a pretext for him to consolidate power.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/07/15/gunfire-heard-jets-seen-flying-in-turkish-capital-of-ankara.html)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/turkey-military-coup/attempt-coup-turkey-prime-minister-says-n610531?cid=eml_nbn_20160715)
3. [Reuters via Trust](http://news.trust.org/item/20160716024151-60u31)
4. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/15/turkey-low-flying-jets-and-gunfire-heard-in-ankara1/)
5. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/world/wp/2016/07/15/turkish-president-rejects-coup-attempt-urges-supporters-to-take-to-the-streets/?wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-world%252Bnation)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [Ataturk Airport attack. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/atata1-4rk-airport-attack-turkey-isil-conflict-suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [Israel-Turkey relations. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israel-turkey-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/05/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-formally-approves-his-ally-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-as-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [ Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/05/23/binali-ya-lda-ra-m-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-turkey-after-the-resignation-of-ahmet-davutoalu-amid-disagreements-with-president-recep.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
6. [Turkish military intervention in Syria. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announces an end to the operation Euphrates Shield, which was part of international military operations against ISIL. He adds: "Any operation following this one will have a different name." ](/news/2017/03/29/turkish-military-intervention-in-syria-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announces-an-end-to-the-operation-euphrates-shield-which.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim_
7. [ 2016-17 Turkish purges. The Turkish government dismisses more than 4,400 public servants from their jobs in the latest purge within the country following a failed coup attempt last year. ](/news/2017/02/8/2016-17-turkish-purges-the-turkish-government-dismisses-more-than-4-400-public-servants-from-their-jobs-in-the-latest-purge-within-the-c.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
8. [2016-17 Turkish purges. About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/2016-17-turkish-purges-about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
9. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
10. [The Supreme Court of Greece rejects the extradition of eight soldiers accused by Turkey of involvement in the 2016 Turkish "coup d'etat" attempt. ](/news/2017/01/26/the-supreme-court-of-greece-rejects-the-extradition-of-eight-soldiers-accused-by-turkey-of-involvement-in-the-2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-at.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
