### [2016-07-15](/news/2016/07/15/index.md)

# Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/14/politics/donald-trump-vice-presidential-choice/)

### Related:

1. [United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-dan-coats-as-director-of-national-intellig.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Indiana_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that-would-save-around-1-000-jobs-at-an-indian.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Indiana_
3. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Indiana_
4. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria.  ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: Indiana, Mike Pence_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [President Donald Trump's proposed budget for fiscal year 2018, titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again,"  has a $2 trillion accounting error over 10 years because it  uses the same money twice for two different purposes. ](/news/2017/05/24/president-donald-trump-s-proposed-budget-for-fiscal-year-2018-titled-america-first-a-budget-blueprint-to-make-america-great-again-has.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congratulates-duterte-on-h.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
