### [2016-07-15](/news/2016/07/15/index.md)

# Republican Party vice presidential candidate selection, 2016: Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/14/politics/donald-trump-vice-presidential-choice/)

### Related:

1. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Indiana_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Indiana_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Indiana_
4. [U.S. reactions to November 2015 Paris attacks: The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-reactions-to-november-2015-paris-attacks-the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decis.md) _Context: Indiana, Mike Pence_
5. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [2017 North Korea crisis: U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
