### [2016-07-15](/news/2016/07/15/index.md)

# Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. 

Russia is to deploy its advanced long-range surface-to-air missiles S-400 in Crimea, beefing up Russia’s anti-access/area-denial capabilities around the peninsula.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/351219-crimea-s-400-missiles/)
2. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-crimea-antimissile-system-s-400/27860314.html)

### Related:

1. [The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-year-s-eurovision-song-contest-from-entering-the-country-t.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
2. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
3. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian crisis_
4. [Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two-killed-including.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian crisis_
5. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian crisis_
6. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. ](/news/2016/04/21/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-signs-legislation-banning-all-russian-films-made-after-january-1-2014-the-legislation-also-bans-movie.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
7. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
8. [The Ukrainian parliament votes to ban all Russian films released after January 1, 2014, saying the move is aimed at improving "national security"; more than 430 Russian films and TV series fall under the new measures. Last month, the State Committee in Television and Radio-broadcasting in Ukraine removed 15 Russian TV channels from being broadcast in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-ukrainian-parliament-votes-to-ban-all-russian-films-released-after-january-1-2014-saying-the-move-is-aimed-at-improving-anational-se.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
9. [Iran holds talks with Russia over buying an upgraded version of the S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system. ](/news/2016/02/22/iran-holds-talks-with-russia-over-buying-an-upgraded-version-of-the-s-300-surface-to-air-missile-defense-system.md) _Context: Russia, surface-to-air missile_
10. [Ukraine bans Russian cargo trucks from transiting its territory after Russia's Ministry of Transport barred Ukrainian cargo trucks because armed groups had been blocking some Russian trucks from entering Ukraine. ](/news/2016/02/15/ukraine-bans-russian-cargo-trucks-from-transiting-its-territory-after-russia-s-ministry-of-transport-barred-ukrainian-cargo-trucks-because-a.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
