### [2011-01-4](/news/2011/01/4/index.md)

# Salmaan Taseer, the Governor of the Pakistani province of Punjab, is assassinated by Malik Mumtaz Hussain Qadri, one of his security guards at Koshar Market, Islamabad. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-12111831)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/01/04/pakistan.governor.killed/index.html?hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
2. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
3. [The funeral for murdered Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer takes place in Lahore, Pakistan. ](/news/2011/01/5/the-funeral-for-murdered-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-takes-place-in-lahore-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistani Punjab governor, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
4. [Pakistani authorities hang Mumtaz Qadri for his role in the murder of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011. ](/news/2016/02/29/pakistani-authorities-hang-mumtaz-qadri-for-his-role-in-the-murder-of-reformist-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-in-2011.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
5. [Mumtaz Qadri is charged with murdering the Governor of Punjab Salmaan Taseer in a Pakistan court. ](/news/2011/02/14/mumtaz-qadri-is-charged-with-murdering-the-governor-of-punjab-salmaan-taseer-in-a-pakistan-court.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistani Punjab governor, Salmaan Taseer_
6. [2008 Mumbai attacks: Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
8. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after his father's murder by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri. Qadri was executed on February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws-i.md) _Context: Pakistani Punjab governor, Salmaan Taseer_
9. [Taliban insurgency: The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
10. [Taliban insurgency: Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
