### [2003-02-28](/news/2003/02/28/index.md)

#  Canada's prime minister Jean Chrtien indicates that he believes that regime change is a dangerous goal for an invasion of Iraq, and that disarmament only should be the goal of international pressure.




### Related:

1. [ Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. ](/news/2005/11/1/justice-john-gomery-releases-the-first-part-of-the-gomery-commission-report-on-corruption-in-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-the-sponsorshi.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
2. [ In Canada, former prime minister Jean Chrtien defends his government's actions in an inquiry into the misuse of government advertising and sponsorship funds. ](/news/2005/02/9/in-canada-former-prime-minister-jean-chretien-defends-his-government-s-actions-in-an-inquiry-into-the-misuse-of-government-advertising-and.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
3. [ In publicity for a new book for which former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill is the primary source, "60 Minutes" reveals O'Neill's claims that the Bush administration was making plans for an invasion of Iraq within days of Bush's inauguration. Bush officials note that regime change in Iraq had been official U.S. policy since 1998, three years before Bush took office. O'Neill, fired for his opposition to tax cuts, also characterized Bush as so disengaged in cabinet meetings that he "was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people". On the positive side, O'Neill also described Bush as such a good listener that he (O'Neill) was able to give a non-stop monologue for nearly an hour in a one-on-one meeting.](/news/2004/01/10/in-publicity-for-a-new-book-for-which-former-u-s-treasury-secretary-paul-o-neill-is-the-primary-source-60-minutes-reveals-o-neill-s-cla.md) _Context: regime change_
4. [ Politics of Canada: Paul Martin is elected leader of the Liberal Party. He becomes Prime Minister-designate and will assume office upon Jean Chrtien's retirement by the end of February 2004.](/news/2003/11/14/politics-of-canada-paul-martin-is-elected-leader-of-the-liberal-party-he-becomes-prime-minister-designate-and-will-assume-office-upon-jea.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
5. [ Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that during an informal meeting between him and Vladimir Putin, the Russian president indicated that he was tentatively in favour of signing the Kyoto Protocol. Russia's signature is absolutely necessary for the protocol to acquire the force of law.](/news/2003/10/20/canadian-prime-minister-jean-chretien-indicates-that-during-an-informal-meeting-between-him-and-vladimir-putin-the-russian-president-indic.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
6. [ Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, visiting Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai, is whisked out of Kabul owing to reports of a rocket attack. The reports turn out to be unfounded.](/news/2003/10/18/canadian-prime-minister-jean-chretien-visiting-afghanistan-s-president-hamid-karzai-is-whisked-out-of-kabul-owing-to-reports-of-a-rocket.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
7. [ 90% of the delegates elected to the November 15 convention of the Liberal Party of Canada support Paul Martin, thereby assuring that he will win the leadership of the party and thereby become Prime Minister of Canada after Jean Chrtien retires in February 2004.](/news/2003/09/22/90-of-the-delegates-elected-to-the-november-15-convention-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-support-paul-martin-thereby-assuring-that-he-wil.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
8. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
10. [ Canadian finance minister John Manley brings down a budget, the last and one of those with the most expenditures in the career of Prime Minister Jean Chrtien. It uses money from the federal surplus to replace a portion of the amount the Liberals cut from a variety of programs during their mandate, partially funds the implementation of the Romanow Report on health care, and increases military spending.](/news/2003/02/18/canadian-finance-minister-john-manley-brings-down-a-budget-the-last-and-one-of-those-with-the-most-expenditures-in-the-career-of-prime-min.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien_
