### [2003-02-28](/news/2003/02/28/index.md)

#  It is reported that, citing "national interest" as a reason, the British government under Margaret Thatcher contributed approximately GBP1bn of taxpayer money to Iraq under Saddam Hussein in the 1980s. Most of this money went into military infrastructure built by British companies such as GEC-Marconi.




### Related:

1. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
2. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
4. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [Margaret Thatcher, in a rare moment of publicity since her withdrawal from public life, puts her weight and "heavy heart" behind a campaign by Combat Stress for the mental health of ex-servicemen in Afghanistan and Iraq. ](/news/2010/03/12/margaret-thatcher-in-a-rare-moment-of-publicity-since-her-withdrawal-from-public-life-puts-her-weight-and-heavy-heart-behind-a-campaign.md) _Context: Iraq, Margaret Thatcher_
6. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Iraq bans planned group visits to Saddam Hussein's grave. ](/news/2009/07/7/iraq-bans-planned-group-visits-to-saddam-hussein-s-grave.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ The Presidency Council of Iraq approves the execution of Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, widely known as "Chemical Ali", for his role in the Al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-presidency-council-of-iraq-approves-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-s-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-widely-known-as-chemical-ali-for-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ Interpol issues warrants for the arrest of Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter Raghad Hussein and his first wife Sajida Khairalla Tulfa for providing support to Iraqi insurgents. ](/news/2007/08/17/interpol-issues-warrants-for-the-arrest-of-saddam-hussein-s-eldest-daughter-raghad-hussein-and-his-first-wife-sajida-khairalla-tulfa-for-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
