### [2003-02-28](/news/2003/02/28/index.md)

#  The new Austrian government, again headed by Federal Chancellor Wolfgang Schssel, is sworn in by Federal President Thomas Klestil. After more than three months of negotiations following the general elections of November 24, 2002, Schssel (Austrian People's Party) decided to continue the coalition with the right-of-centre Austrian Freedom Party begun in early 2000. Although any future influence on federal politics by Jrg Haider was averted, one of the new members of the government is Ursula Haubner, Haider's sister.




### Related:

1. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces, part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government. ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democra.md) _Context: Austria, Austrian People's Party_
2. [Michael Spindelegger resigns as vice-chancellor and finance minister of Austria; as leader of the Austrian People's Party, he is replaced by Reinhold Mitterlehner. ](/news/2014/08/26/michael-spindelegger-resigns-as-vice-chancellor-and-finance-minister-of-austria-as-leader-of-the-austrian-people-s-party-he-is-replaced-by.md) _Context: Austria, Austrian People's Party_
3. [Five people were killed and one seriously injured after a mountain accident on Sunday in the Austrian state of Salzburg. ](/news/2017/08/27/five-people-were-killed-and-one-seriously-injured-after-a-mountain-accident-on-sunday-in-the-austrian-state-of-salzburg.md) _Context: Austria_
4. [An avalanche kills four skiers in Tyrol, Austria. ](/news/2017/03/15/an-avalanche-kills-four-skiers-in-tyrol-austria.md) _Context: Austria_
5. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Austria_
6. [Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-and-fr.md) _Context: Austria_
7. [Six members of one family, including three children, are found dead in Boheimkirchen, Austria. Police suspect a murder-suicide by one of the female relatives. ](/news/2016/12/1/six-members-of-one-family-including-three-children-are-found-dead-in-bapheimkirchen-austria-police-suspect-a-murder-suicide-by-one-of-th.md) _Context: Austria_
8. [Austria's highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austriaas-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right-wing-populist-freedom-party-of-austria.md) _Context: Austria_
9. [ A man kills two and wounds 11 in an attack on a concert in the Austrian town of Nenzing. ](/news/2016/05/22/a-man-kills-two-and-wounds-11-in-an-attack-on-a-concert-in-the-austrian-town-of-nenzing.md) _Context: Austria_
10. [The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-austria-passes-a-new-law-that-restricts-the-right-of-asylum-in-the-country-and-allows-claimants-to-be-rejected-directly-at.md) _Context: Austria_
