### [2003-02-28](/news/2003/02/28/index.md)

#  The United States 9th Circuit Court, based in San Francisco, California, reaffirmed its ruling that the words "Under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance are unconstitutional. It is expected that the Bush administration will appeal to the Supreme Court.




### Related:

1. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, United States Supreme Court_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Judge Samuel Alito of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2005/10/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-judge-samuel-alito-of-the-third-circuit-court-of-appeals-to-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Supreme Court_
3. [ On the first day of the U.S. Supreme Court's fall term, President George W. Bush nominates White House Counsel Harriet Miers to fill the seat currently held by Sandra Day O'Connor. The nominee has no judicial experience. ](/news/2005/10/3/on-the-first-day-of-the-u-s-supreme-court-s-fall-term-president-george-w-bush-nominates-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-to-fill-the-se.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Supreme Court_
4. [ President George W. Bush's nominee for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, Harriet Miers, has turned down the nomination made on October 3, 2005. The President has accepted her withdrawal. ](/news/2005/10/27/president-george-w-bush-s-nominee-for-associate-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-harriet-miers-has-turned-down-the-nomi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Supreme Court_
5. [ Law - A federal court in San Francisco, California, ruled that the Pledge of Allegiance is unconstitutional, because of its "under God" clause.](/news/2002/06/26/law-a-a-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california-ruled-that-the-pledge-of-allegiance-is-unconstitutional-because-of-its-under-god-c.md) _Context: Pledge of Allegiance, San Francisco, California_
6. [The United States Supreme Court sides (5-4) with the state of Texas and blocks a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-sides-5a4-with-the-state-of-texas-and-blocks-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-und.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
