### [2008-01-19](/news/2008/01/19/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties. Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. 

John McCain staved off a spirited challenge by Mike Huckabee, exorcising the ghosts of the attack-filled primary in the same state that derailed his campaign eight years ago.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/19/nevada.sc.main/index.html)
2. [CNN](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2008/01/19/hunter-exits-presidential-race/)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/19/nevada.sc.main/index.html)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/19/us/politics/19cnd-repubs.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in 24 states go to the polls to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. ](/news/2008/02/5/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-24-states-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-for-the-democratic-and-r.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic Party, Republicans, Voters, political party_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic Party, Republicans, Voters_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic Party, Mitt Romney, Republicans_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney (R) formally announces his candidacy for president. ](/news/2007/02/13/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-governor-of-massachusetts-mitt-romney-r-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-president.md) _Context: 2008, Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney, Republicans_
5. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Nevada, Republicans_
6. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Mitt Romney, Republicans_
7. [2012 United States presidential election:Republican Party voters gather in Nevada for the party caucuses with Mitt Romney projected as the winner. ](/news/2012/02/4/2012-united-states-presidential-election-prepublican-party-voters-gather-in-nevada-for-the-party-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-projected-as-the.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Nevada, Republicans_
8. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, Democratic Party, Republicans_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney suspends his campaign. ](/news/2008/02/7/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-governor-of-massachusetts-mitt-romney-suspends-his-campaign.md) _Context: 2008, Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney_
10. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Maine Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/02/2/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-governor-of-massachusetts-mitt-romney-wins-the-maine-republican-caucus.md) _Context: 2008, Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney_
