### [2010-08-5](/news/2010/08/5/index.md)

# Israel charges three Arab men with spying for Syria; they deny the charges and one is alleged to be a human rights activist.date=August 2010|does Israel "accuse" him of being a human rights activist??? 

Israel charges three Arab men with spying, saying they passed intelligence to Syria and plotted to kidnap a Syrian pilot who had defected to Israel.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10880448)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
2. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
5. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
6. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict. Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
7. [Syrian civil war. Israel-Syria relations. Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
8. [Israel-Syria relations. The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/israel-syria-relations-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-o.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
10. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
