### [2010-08-5](/news/2010/08/5/index.md)

# Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem sends a letter to Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon in which he writes charges against three Israelis charged with spying for Syria are "baseless" and "fabricated". 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/international/israel-fabricated-charges-against-three-suspected-spies-for-syria-1.306383)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Syria peace talks in Vienna: U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
3. [Syrian civil war:: The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there is no prospect of an end to the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2012/12/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-there-is-no-prospect-of-an-end-to-the-conflict-in-syria.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria_
4. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
5. [Arab Spring:: Syrian uprising: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Syria has failed in its obligation to pull its troops out of urban areas, according to a peace plan. ](/news/2012/04/19/arab-spring-syrian-uprising-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-syria-has-failed-in-its-obligation-to-pull-its-troops-out-o.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria_
6. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising:: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon calls on the Syrian regime to "stop killing its own people". ](/news/2012/01/15/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-calls-on-the-syrian-regime-to-stop-killing-its-own-people.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria_
7. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
8. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
9. [Middle East:: Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pale.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
10. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announces an investigation into Israel's attack on the U.N.'s Gaza Strip headquarters. ](/news/2009/01/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-an-investigation-into-israel-s-attack-on-the-u-n-s-gaza-strip-headquarters.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
