### [2011-04-18](/news/2011/04/18/index.md)

# A 16-year-old Israeli boy injured by a Palestinian missile attack on his school bus on April 7 dies. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13115127 ("BBC")] ("Wikinews")




### Related:

1. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
2. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing. A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Israel-Palestine relations. Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-palestine-relations-israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
