### [2005-12-19](/news/2005/12/19/index.md)

#  Nazi Officer Ladislav Niznansky is acquitted of charges relating to three massacres of Slovaks during World War II. 




### Source:

1. [IOL](http://breakingnews.iol.ie/news/story.asp?j=10843948&p=yx843994&n=10844036)

### Related:

1. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler's "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, "To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism." This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitleras-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Nazism, World War II_
2. [Austria's Leopold Museum agrees to pay $19 million to the estate of Jewish art dealer Egon Schiele's for "Portrait of Wally", stolen from her by Nazism in World War II. ](/news/2010/07/21/austria-s-leopold-museum-agrees-to-pay-19-million-to-the-estate-of-jewish-art-dealer-egon-schiele-s-for-portrait-of-wally-stolen-from-he.md) _Context: Nazism, World War II_
3. [ An Italian military tribunal in La Spezia has sentenced 10 German former Nazi officers "in absentia" to life imprisonment for their role in a World War II massacre of 560 civilians in the Tuscan village of Sant'Anna di Stazzema. ](/news/2005/06/22/an-italian-military-tribunal-in-la-spezia-has-sentenced-10-german-former-nazi-officers-in-absentia-to-life-imprisonment-for-their-role-in.md) _Context: Nazism, World War II_
4. [Large portions of Frankfurt, Germany, are evacuated as local authorities work to defuse a bomb left over from a Royal Air Force raid during World War II. The evacuation is the largest to occur in Europe since World War II. ](/news/2017/09/3/large-portions-of-frankfurt-germany-are-evacuated-as-local-authorities-work-to-defuse-a-bomb-left-over-from-a-royal-air-force-raid-during.md) _Context: World War II_
5. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: World War II_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
7. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: World War II_
8. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: World War II_
9. [Three hundred U.S. marines arrive in Norway for a six-month deployment, becoming the first foreign troops in Norway since World War II. The marines will be stationed at Vaernes Air Station in Stjordal. ](/news/2017/01/16/three-hundred-u-s-marines-arrive-in-norway-for-a-six-month-deployment-becoming-the-first-foreign-troops-in-norway-since-world-war-ii-the.md) _Context: World War II_
10. [The German city of Augsburg is evacuated after a World War II-era explosive is discovered in the town. Explosive experts later defused the bomb. ](/news/2016/12/25/the-german-city-of-augsburg-is-evacuated-after-a-world-war-ii-era-explosive-is-discovered-in-the-town-explosive-experts-later-defused-the-b.md) _Context: World War II_
