### [2005-12-19](/news/2005/12/19/index.md)

#  The Likud primary elections for the party's leadership between the candidates Benjamin Netanyahu, Silvan Shalom, Yisrael Katz and Moshe Feyglin opened at 10:00 a.m. 

Likud leadership candidate Benjamin Netanyahu says he will cooperate with Foreign Minister Shalom to lead Likud to accomplishments; more than 128,000 voters will cast their ballots at 180 locations and choose between Netanyahu, Shalom, Katz or Feiglin


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3186636,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ In the Likud primary elections, Benjamin Netanyahu wins, becoming the new Likud leader. In the voting, he is followed by Silvan Shalom, Moshe Feyglin, and Yisrael Katz. ](/news/2005/12/20/in-the-likud-primary-elections-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-becoming-the-new-likud-leader-in-the-voting-he-is-followed-by-silvan-shalom-mos.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, Moshe Feiglin, Silvan Shalom, Yisrael Katz_
2. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu comfortably wins a leadership election for the Likud Party defeating Moshe Feiglin. ](/news/2012/01/31/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-comfortably-wins-a-leadership-election-for-the-likud-party-defeating-moshe-feiglin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, Moshe Feiglin_
3. [Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom (Likud party) resigns because of allegations he sexually harassed several women during his career. Israel's attorney general has started an investigation of Shalom, who also resigned his Interior Minister position and Knesset seat. ](/news/2015/12/21/israeli-vice-prime-minister-silvan-shalom-likud-party-resigns-because-of-allegations-he-sexually-harassed-several-women-during-his-career.md) _Context: Likud, Silvan Shalom_
4. [The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset-winning-30-out-of-120-seats-if-ask.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
5. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister and Likud chairman Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu chairman Avigdor Lieberman announce the unification of their two parties which will run as a single bloc for the upcoming election to be held in January 2013; the joint party will be called "Likud Beiteinu" ("The Likud Is Our Home") and Netanyahu will be number 1 on the list, followed by Liberman who will be number 2 on the list. ](/news/2012/10/25/israeli-prime-minister-and-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-israeli-foreign-minister-and-yisrael-beiteinu-chairman-avigdor-lieberma.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
7. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
8. [ Israeli President Shimon Peres selects Likud Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu to form the country's next government. ](/news/2009/02/20/israeli-president-shimon-peres-selects-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-to-form-the-country-s-next-government.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
9. [ Benjamin Netanyahu wins the Likud primary election and continues as the party's parliamentary leader. ](/news/2007/08/14/benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-likud-primary-election-and-continues-as-the-party-s-parliamentary-leader.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
10. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud_
