### [2006-01-3](/news/2006/01/3/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel Police prevents Palestinians in East Jerusalem from campaigning in the upcoming Elections in the Palestinian National Authority. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4578210.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israeli police, Palestinians_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israeli police, Palestinians_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-the.md) _Context: Israeli police, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-wit.md) _Context: Israeli police, Palestinians_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-sa.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinians_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [Arab-Israeli conflict: Violent clashes erupt between new Israeli settlers and Palestinians in the Silwan area of East Jerusalem with 13 Palestinians and four Israeli police injured. ](/news/2015/09/12/arab-israeli-conflict-violent-clashes-erupt-between-new-israeli-settlers-and-palestinians-in-the-silwan-area-of-east-jerusalem-with-13-pale.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinians_
9. [A Palestinian man is shot dead by an Israeli security guard in the East Jerusalem area of Silwan, during a clash between Israeli settlers and Palestinians. ](/news/2010/09/22/a-palestinian-man-is-shot-dead-by-an-israeli-security-guard-in-the-east-jerusalem-area-of-silwan-during-a-clash-between-israeli-settlers-an.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinians_
10. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian terrorist in East Jerusalem as he rams them with his tractor. ](/news/2009/04/7/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-terrorist-in-east-jerusalem-as-he-rams-them-with-his-tractor.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israeli police_
