### [2006-01-3](/news/2006/01/3/index.md)

#  Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: The Russian and Ukrainian natural gas companies agree to end their dispute and resume gas supply to Ukraine under a complex price scheme in which OAO Gazprom will sell gas to the Rosukrenergo trading company (owned by Gazprom Bank and Raiffeisen Bank) for US$230 (E195) per 1,000 cubic meters as of Jan. 1, and Ukraine will buy gas from the company for US$95 (E80). 




### Source:

1. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/01/04/business/web.0401gas.php)

### Related:

1. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute:. Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. ](/news/2006/01/2/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yester.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, restarts_
2. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute. Russian natural gas supplier Gazprom cuts gas supplies to Ukraine, following Ukraine's rejection of a 460% price increase. President Vladimir Putin had offered a three-month price freeze if Ukraine would agree to pay the higher price thereafter, but this was rejected. Ukraine pays US$50 per 1000 cubic metres, Russia claims the market rate is $230. ](/news/2006/01/1/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-russian-natural-gas-supplier-gazprom-cuts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-following-ukraine-s-rejection-of-a-460-pric.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, restarts_
3. [Russia-Ukraine gas disputes. Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-ukraine-gas-disputes-russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supp.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
4. [The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-russian-gas-company-gazprom-suspends-shipments-of-gas-to-ukraine-following-a-payment-dispute.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
5. [The Government of Bulgaria orders a halt to construction work on the Gazprom-led South Stream pipeline project planned to bypass Ukraine as a transit country into Europe. ](/news/2014/06/8/the-government-of-bulgaria-orders-a-halt-to-construction-work-on-the-gazprom-led-south-stream-pipeline-project-planned-to-bypass-ukraine-as.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
6. [Russia's state-owned gas giant Gazprom says that Ukraine must pay up front for its gas after the country failed to settle its debt. ](/news/2014/06/16/russia-s-state-owned-gas-giant-gazprom-says-that-ukraine-must-pay-up-front-for-its-gas-after-the-country-failed-to-settle-its-debt.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
7. [Russia-s Gazprom and Ukraine-s Naftogaz Ukrainy have agreed to set up two joint ventures, the Russian company said after a meeting between its CEO Alexei Miller and Ukrainian Fuel and Energy Minister Yuri Boiko. ](/news/2010/12/1/russia-s-gazprom-and-ukraine-s-naftogaz-ukrainy-have-agreed-to-set-up-two-joint-ventures-the-russian-company-said-after-a-meeting-betwe.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
8. [ Russia's Gazprom alleges that Ukraine has blocked three key gas pipelines to Europe, making natural gas delivery there impossible. ](/news/2009/01/6/russia-s-gazprom-alleges-that-ukraine-has-blocked-three-key-gas-pipelines-to-europe-making-natural-gas-delivery-there-impossible.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
9. [ Ukraine says it cannot resume natural-gas transit because Russia's Gazprom has provided insufficient supplies. ](/news/2009/01/14/ukraine-says-it-cannot-resume-natural-gas-transit-because-russia-s-gazprom-has-provided-insufficient-supplies.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
10. [ Russia's Gazprom halts deliveries of natural gas to Ukraine after negotiations over prices fail. ](/news/2009/01/1/russia-s-gazprom-halts-deliveries-of-natural-gas-to-ukraine-after-negotiations-over-prices-fail.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
