### [2014-05-2](/news/2014/05/2/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Siege of Sloviansk. The Armed Forces of Ukraine launch a military operation against separatists in the city of Sloviansk with claims of many deaths and two Ukrainian Army helicopters downed. In the port city of Odessa, violent clashes kill at least 42 people, as pro-Ukrainians set the pro-Russian headquarters on fire. 

Many rebels have been killed in a government offensive in east Ukraine, acting President Oleksandr Turchynov says, amid heavy clashes in the southern city of Odessa.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27259614#)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/05/02/world/europe/ukraine-crisis/index.html)
3. [Express](http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/473754/Dozens-killed-by-smoke-as-Ukraine-moves-closer-to-civil-war)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Heavy fighting between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian militants takes place in and around the rebel-held eastern city of Sloviansk. ](/news/2014/06/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-heavy-fighting-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-militants-takes-place-in-and-around-the-r.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk, Ukrainian military_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Siege of Sloviansk. A Ukrainian military helicopter patrolling around the eastern city of Sloviansk is shot down; all of the pilots survived and were later rescued. ](/news/2014/05/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-siege-of-sloviansk-a-ukrainian-military-helicopter-patrolling-around-the-eastern-city-of-slovian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Siege of Sloviansk, Sloviansk_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Ukrainian military_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Ukrainian forces in recently reclaimed city of Sloviansk discover documents that show pro-Russian insurgent leader Igor Strelkov handed down at least four death sentences under a Stalin-era law of 1941. ](/news/2014/07/11/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ukrainian-forces-in-recently-reclaimed-city-of-sloviansk-discover-documents-that-show-pro-russian-insurg.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine:. Separatists capture two Ukrainian Military bases in Luhansk Oblast as fighting continues near the rebel-held town of Sloviansk. ](/news/2014/06/4/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-separatists-capture-two-ukrainian-military-bases-in-luhansk-oblast-as-fighting-continues-near-the-reb.md) _Context: Sloviansk, Ukrainian military_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Pro-Russian activists attack the police headquarters in Odessa, forcing the release of several people held over deadly violence two days before. ](/news/2014/05/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-activists-attack-the-police-headquarters-in-odessa-forcing-the-release-of-several-people-he.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Odessa_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Russian-born American-Israeli journalist Simon Ostrovsky is reportedly abducted in Sloviansk by the militia of the separatist pro-Russian leader Vyacheslav Ponomarev. ](/news/2014/04/22/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-russian-born-american-israeli-journalist-simon-ostrovsky-is-reportedly-abducted-in-sloviansk-by-the-mil.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. According to pro-Russian militants, the bodies of two pro-Russian militants are pulled from the Seversky Donets River in Sloviansk, Ukraine, with both having multiple stab wounds. The claim could not be independently verified. ](/news/2014/04/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-according-to-pro-russian-militants-the-bodies-of-two-pro-russian-militants-are-pulled-from-the-seversky.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Six armored personnel carriers belonging to the Ukrainian military are captured by pro-Russian protesters amid rising tensions between the protestors and the military. ](/news/2014/04/16/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-six-armored-personnel-carriers-belonging-to-the-ukrainian-military-are-captured-by-pro-russian-proteste.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Ukrainian military_
10. [A Ukrainian military Mi-2 transport helicopter crashes after hitting a power line near Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast, killing all five people aboard. ](/news/2017/03/26/a-ukrainian-military-mi-2-transport-helicopter-crashes-after-hitting-a-power-line-near-kramatorsk-donetsk-oblast-killing-all-five-people-a.md) _Context: Ukrainian military_
