### [2014-05-2](/news/2014/05/2/index.md)

# Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. 

SF leader can now be held until 8pm on Sunday, four days after detention began 


### Source:

1. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/gerry-adams-spends-second-night-in-police-custody-1.1781456)
2. [RTE News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0501/614157-adams-mcconville/)

### Related:

1. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson accuses Sinn Fin of attempting to blackmail the Police Service of Northern Ireland over the arrest of Gerry Adams. ](/news/2014/05/4/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-pnorthern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-accuses-sinn-fein-of-attempting-to-bla.md) _Context: Arrest of Gerry Adams, Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville, Peter Robinson_
2. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:A mural of Sinn Fein Leader Gerry Adams is painted on a wall on the Falls Road, Belfast, as police are granted a further 48 hours to question him about the murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/3/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-pa-mural-of-sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-is-painted-on-a-wall-on-the-falls-road-belfast.md) _Context: Arrest of Gerry Adams, Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville_
3. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville, Sinn Fein_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron announces that Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams has resigned from the British parliament, having accepted the position of Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead. ](/news/2011/01/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-that-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-has-resigned-from-the-british-parliament-having-accepted-the-p.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
5. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Sinn Fein_
6. [Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams is arrested by police for the murder of Jean McConville, a 37-year-old widowed mother of ten, who was abducted from her home in 1972. ](/news/2014/04/30/sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-is-arrested-by-police-for-the-murder-of-jean-mcconville-a-37-year-old-widowed-mother-of-ten-who-was-abducted.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Murder of Jean McConville_
7. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Gerry Adams_
8. [Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fein, announces that he will resign his positions in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Parliament of the United Kingdom to stand for the Dail. ](/news/2010/11/14/gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fa-c-in-announces-that-he-will-resign-his-positions-in-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-the-parliament-of.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
9. [The brother of Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams, detained under a European arrest warrant, is released on bail after surrendering to the Garda Siochana in Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-brother-of-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-detained-under-a-european-arrest-warrant-is-released-on-bail-after-surrendering-to-the-garda-saoc.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
10. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells ''The Sunday Times'' that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of.md) _Context: Peter Robinson, Sinn Fein_
