### [2014-05-2](/news/2014/05/2/index.md)

# Post-coup unrest in Egypt (Sinai insurgency):. Attacks by suicide bombers on a security checkpoint and a civilian bus in Egypt-s Sinai Peninsula as well as a separate bombing near a courthouse in Cairo killed at least four people. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/05/02/uk-egypt-violence-idUKKBN0DI07A20140502)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/egypt-suicide-bombers-hit-in-sinai-kill-soldier/2014/05/02/af05d932-d1ba-11e3-a714-be7e7f142085_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/sinai-insurgency-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-se.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State-s -Sinai province.- Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-state-s-sinai-province-ashraf-ali.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Sinai insurgency_
5. [Sinai insurgency: July 2015 Sinai attacks. Egypt vows to continue an offensive on the Sinai Peninsula until ISIL militants have been removed. A hundred people have been killed in fighting in the past two days. ](/news/2015/07/2/sinai-insurgency-july-2015-sinai-attacks-egypt-vows-to-continue-an-offensive-on-the-sinai-peninsula-until-isil-militants-have-been-removed.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
6. [Sinai insurgency. A suicide bomber kills one person and injures 24 in an attack on a police station in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/03/10/sinai-insurgency-a-suicide-bomber-kills-one-person-and-injures-24-in-an-attack-on-a-police-station-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
7. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt declares a three month state of emergency for parts of the Sinai Peninsula after at least 31 soldiers are killed in two attacks there. ](/news/2014/10/25/sinai-insurgency-egypt-declares-a-three-month-state-of-emergency-for-parts-of-the-sinai-peninsula-after-at-least-31-soldiers-are-killed-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
8. [Sinai insurgency:. One soldier and seven civilians, including two children, are killed in two successive mortar blasts in Egypt's city of Al-Arish in the Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/14/sinai-insurgency-one-soldier-and-seven-civilians-including-two-children-are-killed-in-two-successive-mortar-blasts-in-egypt-s-city-of-al.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
9. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14):. Gunmen killed an Egyptian intelligence officer and a policeman on a desert road outside Cairo in a late-night firefight. ](/news/2014/04/20/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-2013-14-gunmen-killed-an-egyptian-intelligence-officer-and-a-policeman-on-a-desert-road-outside-cairo-in-a-l.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
10. [Sinai insurgency:. Egyptian security officials say army helicopter gunships have rocketed several houses where militants were thought to have gathered in the northern region of the Sinai Peninsula, killing at least 10. ](/news/2014/02/20/sinai-insurgency-egyptian-security-officials-say-army-helicopter-gunships-have-rocketed-several-houses-where-militants-were-thought-to-hav.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
