### [2004-09-27](/news/2004/09/27/index.md)

#  Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])




### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A rocket attack in southern Baghdad kills two US soldiers and injures five others, while in the northern city of Mosul a suicide car bomb detonated near a U.S. military convoy kills a U.S. soldier and two Iraqis and injures 27 others. ](/news/2004/10/11/conflict-in-iraq-a-rocket-attack-in-southern-baghdad-kills-two-us-soldiers-and-injures-five-others-while-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
3. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
4. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
5. [A series of car bombings around the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, kills at least 38 people. ](/news/2013/10/27/a-series-of-car-bombings-around-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-kills-at-least-38-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, car bomb_
6. [A rocket kills six people and injures over 50 others at Camp Liberty, an Iraqi facility near Baghdad that shelters members of People's Mujahedin of Iran. ](/news/2013/02/9/a-rocket-kills-six-people-and-injures-over-50-others-at-camp-liberty-an-iraqi-facility-near-baghdad-that-shelters-members-of-people-s-mujah.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran, Iraq_
7. [At least 16 people are killed by twin bomb blasts in the Sadr City neighbourhood of Baghdad, the capital of Iraq. ](/news/2011/10/13/at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-sadr-city-neighbourhood-of-baghdad-the-capital-of-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
8. [A car bomb explodes in the southern Iraqi city of Hilla, killing at least 21 police officers and injuring 65; in northern Iraq and in Baghdad, four people are killed in other attacks. ](/news/2011/05/5/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-southern-iraqi-city-of-hilla-killing-at-least-21-police-officers-and-injuring-65-in-northern-iraq-and-in-baghda.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, car bomb_
9. [A car bomb in Baghdad, Iraq, kills at least 16 people in a cafe with young men watching a football match. ](/news/2011/05/3/a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-16-people-in-a-cafe-with-young-men-watching-a-football-match.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, car bomb_
10. [Car bombs injure at least 37 people in the Iraqi cities of Baghdad and Kirkuk. ](/news/2010/11/6/car-bombs-injure-at-least-37-people-in-the-iraqi-cities-of-baghdad-and-kirkuk.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, car bomb_
