### [2012-10-31](/news/2012/10/31/index.md)

# Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. 




### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/8577643/jerry-sandusky-moved-prison-death-row-inmates)

### Related:

1. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:The adopted son of former football coach Jerry Sandusky says that Sandusky molested him. ](/news/2012/06/21/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-pthe-adopted-son-of-former-football-coach-jerry-sandusky-says-that-sandusky-molested-him.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State scandal, sexual abuse_
2. [Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. ](/news/2012/11/1/charges-of-perjury-and-child-endangerment-among-others-are-filed-against-former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-and-two-other-administ.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State scandal_
3. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:An audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is released in which he "wonders what they've won". ](/news/2012/10/9/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-pan-audio-recording-of-jerry-sandusky-is-released-in-which-he-wonders-what-they-ve-won.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State scandal_
4. [Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. ](/news/2012/08/22/penn-state-s-ex-president-graham-spanier-rejects-the-report-by-former-fbi-head-louis-freeh-accusing-the-university-of-a-cover-up-saying-he.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State scandal_
5. [Jerry Sandusky, former American football coach at Pennsylvania State University, is convicted on 45 charges of child sex abuse. He is on suicide watch. ](/news/2012/06/22/jerry-sandusky-former-american-football-coach-at-pennsylvania-state-university-is-convicted-on-45-charges-of-child-sex-abuse-he-is-on-sui.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State_
6. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
7. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
8. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats.  ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
9. [Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in-the-commonwealth-court-of-pennsylvania-for-a-state.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
10. [The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-so-in-michigan.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
