### [2012-10-31](/news/2012/10/31/index.md)

# Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. 




### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/8577643/jerry-sandusky-moved-prison-death-row-inmates)

### Related:

1. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:: The adopted son of former football coach Jerry Sandusky says that Sandusky molested him. ](/news/2012/06/21/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-the-adopted-son-of-former-football-coach-jerry-sandusky-says-that-sandusky-molested-him.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, sexual abuse_
2. [Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. ](/news/2012/11/1/charges-of-perjury-and-child-endangerment-among-others-are-filed-against-former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-and-two-other-administ.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
3. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:: An audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is released in which he "wonders what they've won". ](/news/2012/10/9/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-an-audio-recording-of-jerry-sandusky-is-released-in-which-he-wonders-what-they-ve-won.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
4. [Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. ](/news/2012/08/22/penn-state-s-ex-president-graham-spanier-rejects-the-report-by-former-fbi-head-louis-freeh-accusing-the-university-of-a-cover-up-saying-he.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
5. [Jerry Sandusky, former American football coach at Pennsylvania State University, is convicted on 45 charges of child sex abuse. He is on suicide watch. ](/news/2012/06/22/jerry-sandusky-former-american-football-coach-at-pennsylvania-state-university-is-convicted-on-45-charges-of-child-sex-abuse-he-is-on-sui.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State_
6. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal: Former Pennsylvania State University president Graham Spanier, former vice president Gary Schultz, and former athletic director Timothy Curley are sentenced to prison for covering up ex-coach Jerry Sandusky's criminal sexual acts, thereby letting him victimize more boys. ](/news/2017/06/2/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-former-pennsylvania-state-university-president-graham-spanier-former-vice-president-gary-schultz-and-f.md) _Context: Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
7. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
8. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats. ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recounts: Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
10. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit: The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-s.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
