### [2015-04-24](/news/2015/04/24/index.md)

# In the United States, the NASDAQ and S&P 500 end at record highs spurred by strong results by tech giants Google, Amazon and Microsoft. 

The Nasdaq Composite and S&P 500 chalked up record high closes on Friday, propelled by strong results from tech behemoths Google, Amazon and Microsoft.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/24/us-markets-stocks-usa-idUSKBN0NF16J20150424)

### Related:

1. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: Amazon.com, Google, United States_
2. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement,  generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Amazon.com, Google, United States_
3. [United States diplomatic cables leak:Amazon.com cuts off its access to the WikiLeaks website following "heavy political pressure" applied by Joe Lieberman, a senator in the United States. The move is compared to the censorship of Google by China. ](/news/2010/12/2/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-pamazon-com-cuts-off-its-access-to-the-wikileaks-website-following-heavy-political-pressure-applied-b.md) _Context: Amazon.com, Google, United States_
4. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called ''human flypaper'', designed to  minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injur.md) _Context: Google, United States_
5. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including  Yahoo Japan Corp.,  next week. Google, Time Inc., and  private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft_
6. [The U.S. company Microsoft has sued the United States, alleging that it has been prevented from disclosing warrants to the company's customers in violation of the company's constitutional rights. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-u-s-company-microsoft-has-sued-the-united-states-alleging-that-it-has-been-prevented-from-disclosing-warrants-to-the-companyas-custo.md) _Context: Microsoft, United States_
7. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inte.md) _Context: Google, United States_
8. [The Solicitor General of the United States sides with Oracle in a much-watched copyright dispute with Google over Java APIs. [http://www.javaworld.com/article/2927978/open-source-tools/us-sides-with-oracle-in-java-copyright-dispute-with-google.html (IDG News Service)].](/news/2015/05/28/the-solicitor-general-of-the-united-states-sides-with-oracle-in-a-much-watched-copyright-dispute-with-google-over-java-apis-http-www-jav.md) _Context: Google, United States_
9. [Google announces a new wireless network in the United States called Project Fi with a pay as you go data rate. ](/news/2015/04/22/google-announces-a-new-wireless-network-in-the-united-states-called-project-fi-with-a-pay-as-you-go-data-rate.md) _Context: Google, United States_
10. [Google and Samsung have asked an agency of the government of the People's Republic of China to impose limiting conditions on a proposed merger of Microsoft and Nokia. ](/news/2014/03/3/google-and-samsung-have-asked-an-agency-of-the-government-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-impose-limiting-conditions-on-a-proposed-merg.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft_
