### [2015-04-24](/news/2015/04/24/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Iraqi Army Brigadier-General Hassan Abbas Toufan and three other officers are killed in a targeted car bombing in Anbar province. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/04/24/world/middleeast/ap-ml-islamic-state.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Military intervention against ISIL: An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/military-intervention-against-isil-an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-seco.md) _Context: Anbar province, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-whil.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Anbar province, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Anbar province, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Battle of Ramadi: The Iraqi Army declares victory over Islamic State militants as their forces retake an important government compound in Ramadi. ](/news/2015/12/27/battle-of-ramadi-the-iraqi-army-declares-victory-over-islamic-state-militants-as-their-forces-retake-an-important-government-compound-in-ra.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Battle of Ramadi: The Iraqi Army advances into the center of Ramadi, the latest development in the effort, which began in November, to regain the city from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/12/22/battle-of-ramadi-the-iraqi-army-advances-into-the-center-of-ramadi-the-latest-development-in-the-effort-which-began-in-november-to-regai.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
