### [2015-04-24](/news/2015/04/24/index.md)

# UNICEF reports that hundreds of children have been killed and injured in the Civil War while combatants have recruited hundreds more. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/item/20150424143357-fxuy5/)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri.  ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: UNICEF_
2. [Airstrikes in rebel-held districts of Aleppo kill at least 15 people and wound dozens while three hospitals are hit including one of the few that still provides pediatric services. UNICEF says medics had to take babies out of incubators. It is unclear who was responsible, though government forces, backed by the Russian Air Force, have run operations to regain control of the divided city. ](/news/2016/06/8/airstrikes-in-rebel-held-districts-of-aleppo-kill-at-least-15-people-and-wound-dozens-while-three-hospitals-are-hit-including-one-of-the-few.md) _Context: UNICEF_
3. [Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured.  Authorities say  five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current  identified destruction is  more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields.  However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-authorities-say-five-percent-of-the-country-45-245-people-i.md) _Context: UNICEF_
4. [UNICEF confirms severe malnutrition in the besieged Syrian town of Madaya. Russia calls for humanitarian aid to be let into besieged towns like Madaya, Fua and Kafraya. ](/news/2016/01/15/unicef-confirms-severe-malnutrition-in-the-besieged-syrian-town-of-madaya-russia-calls-for-humanitarian-aid-to-be-let-into-besieged-towns-l.md) _Context: UNICEF_
5. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomber-in-the-port-c.md) _Context: Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage,  Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF's West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeastern-nigeria-and-its-neighboring.md) _Context: UNICEF_
8. [Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-governorate-as-well-as-the-town-of-jae-ar-following-fierc.md) _Context: Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
