### [2014-02-10](/news/2014/02/10/index.md)

# North Korea-United States relations:: North Korea withdraws an invitation to a United States envoy to discuss the release of Kenneth Bae. 

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea has canceled for a second time its invitation for a senior U.S. envoy to visit the country to discuss a long-detained American&#39;s possible release, the State Department


### Source:

1. [AP via USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/02/10/north-korea-rescinds-invitation-to-us-envoy/5357743/)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-United States relations: Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong says North Korea is ready to halt nuclear tests if the United States suspends its annual military exercises with South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/23/north-korea-united-states-relations-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-says-north-korea-is-ready-to-halt-nuclear-tests-if-the-united-states-suspen.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea releases 85-year-old American retiree Merrill Newman after 42 days in captivity. The United States once again asks the DPRK to pardon and release Kenneth Bae. ](/news/2013/12/7/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-releases-85-year-old-american-retiree-merrill-newman-after-42-days-in-captivity-the-united-states-once-aga.md) _Context: Kenneth Bae, North Korea, United States_
3. [North Korea sentences American Kenneth Bae to 15 years of prison labor for "hostile acts" against the regime. The United States calls for amnesty. ](/news/2013/05/2/north-korea-sentences-american-kenneth-bae-to-15-years-of-prison-labor-for-hostile-acts-against-the-regime-the-united-states-calls-for-am.md) _Context: Kenneth Bae, North Korea, United States_
4. [North Korea-United States relations: American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
7. [China-North Korea relations: Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-United States relations: U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
