### [2011-09-23](/news/2011/09/23/index.md)

# During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. 

The Middle East Quartet urges Israel and the Palestinians to resume peace talks within a month, after the Palestinians ask the UN to recognise their state.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-15044601)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/home/world-news/article/16075492)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle-east/israel-palestinians-dig-into-positions-ahead-of-palestinian-statehood-bid/2011/09/23/gIQAs8WWpK_story.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/55560000/jpg/_55560693_012996147-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Hamas orders Palestinians in the Gaza Strip not to vote in a January election called by West Bank leader Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/10/28/hamas-orders-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-not-to-vote-in-a-january-election-called-by-west-bank-leader-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Gaza, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, West Bank_
5. [Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite-worldwide-criticism-and-suggestio.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Gaza, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
7. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, West Bank_
8. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority President_
9. [Hamas' interior ministry executes three Palestinians in Gaza, without the approval of the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/05/18/hamas-interior-ministry-executes-three-palestinians-in-gaza-without-the-approval-of-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-m.md) _Context: Gaza, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-behind-his-release-to-gaza-instead.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian, West Bank_
