### [2016-10-31](/news/2016/10/31/index.md)

# Kurt Eichenwald claims that Donald Trump and his businesses have been destroying documents, even in ongoing court cases and under subpoena, during the last decades. 

The Trump strategy was deny, impede and delay, while destroying documents the court had ordered them to hand over.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.com/hardball/watch/donald-trump-has-his-own-email-troubles-797788739795)
2. [Newsweek](http://europe.newsweek.com/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120)

### Related:

1. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
2. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: subpoena_
3. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: subpoena_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump names his former presidential campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as his Counselor to the President. ](/news/2016/12/22/president-elect-donald-trump-names-his-former-presidential-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-as-his-counselor-to-the-president.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
5. [A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-trump-s-work-history-shows-that-she-was-an-i.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
6. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
7. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
8. [Paul Manafort resigns as chairman of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/08/19/paul-manafort-resigns-as-chairman-of-donald-trump-s-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
9. [Conservative leaders seeking an alternative to the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump are urging Tennessee attorney and ''National Review'' writer David French to enter the 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate. ](/news/2016/05/31/conservative-leaders-seeking-an-alternative-to-the-republican-party-s-presumptive-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-are-urging-tennessee-att.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
10. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: Trump's campaign team_
