### [2013-03-8](/news/2013/03/8/index.md)

# North Korea ends all peace pacts with South Korea and closes the main Panmunjom border crossing inside the Korean Demilitarized Zone. North Korean generals affirm they are aiming their long range missiles at the U.S. mainland in retaliation for the recently approved U.N. sanctions. 

North Korea is scrapping all non-aggression pacts with South Korea, closing its hotline and a border crossing, hours after the UN passed new sanctions.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21709917)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/03/08/world/asia/north-korea-sanctions)

### Related:

1. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
3. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [South Korea evacuates residents near the North Korean border as tension escalates. High level talks in Panmunjom attempt to defuse tensions. ](/news/2015/08/22/south-korea-evacuates-residents-near-the-north-korean-border-as-tension-escalates-high-level-talks-in-panmunjom-attempt-to-defuse-tensions.md) _Context: North Korea, Panmunjom, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: Korean Demilitarized Zone: North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-korea-south-korea-relations-korean-demilitarized-zone-north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [A South Korean official claims that North Korea is placing land mines in the Korean Demilitarized Zone to stop soldiers from defecting. The Korean DMZ already contains an estimated 1 million mines. ](/news/2015/06/14/a-south-korean-official-claims-that-north-korea-is-placing-land-mines-in-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-to-stop-soldiers-from-defecting-the.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [A United States military Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter crashes near South Korea's border with North Korea, with no reported casualties. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-united-states-military-sikorsky-ch-53-sea-stallion-helicopter-crashes-near-south-korea-s-border-with-north-korea-with-no-reported-casualt.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-k.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korea breaks the 1953 armistice with South Korea and cuts the phone line between the two countries, after United States and South Korea have begun military drills. North Korean officials say that the army is ready to attack at any given order. ](/news/2013/03/11/north-korea-breaks-the-1953-armistice-with-south-korea-and-cuts-the-phone-line-between-the-two-countries-after-united-states-and-south-kore.md) _Context: Korean Armistice Agreement, North Korea, South Korea_
