### [2013-03-8](/news/2013/03/8/index.md)

# Russian scientists announce they have found a wholly new type of bacteria in the mysterious subglacial Lake Vostok in Antarctica. 

Russian scientists believe they have found a wholly new type of bacteria in the subglacial Lake Vostok in Antarctica.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Discovery News](http://news.discovery.com/earth/russia-finds-new-bacteria-antarctic-lake-130307.htm)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.ria.ru/science/20130307/179878285/Unclassified-Life-Found-in-Antarctic-Lake--Researcher.html)

### Related:

1. [The Chinese icebreaker ''Xue Long'', or "Snow Dragon", was only six nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged vessel ''Akademik Shokalskiy'' when it too became obstructed by heavy ice in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/12/28/the-chinese-icebreaker-xua-la3ng-or-snow-dragon-was-only-six-nautical-miles-away-from-the-russian-flagged-vessel-akademik-shokals.md) _Context: Antarctica, Russia_
2. [The "mysterious life form" detecting last week in Lake Vostok, Antarctica, turns out to be a false positive resulting from contamination. ](/news/2013/03/12/the-mysterious-life-form-detecting-last-week-in-lake-vostok-antarctica-turns-out-to-be-a-false-positive-resulting-from-contamination.md) _Context: Antarctica, Lake Vostok_
3. [ A vast river system connecting various subglacial lakes is discovered under the Antarctic ice shield. ](/news/2006/04/20/a-vast-river-system-connecting-various-subglacial-lakes-is-discovered-under-the-antarctic-ice-shield.md) _Context: Antarctica, subglacial_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
