### [2013-03-8](/news/2013/03/8/index.md)

# Shane Flanagan is stood down as coach of the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks as the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority continues its investigation of alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs by the club during the 2011 NRL season. 

EX-BRONCOS boss Bruno Cullen has been called in to take control of the Cronulla Sharks following a dramatic day that saw coach Shane Flanagan stood down as the drug scandal widened.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/sport/nrl/cronulla-sharks-sack-shane-flanagan/story-fndujljl-1226593389712)

### Related:

1. [The Australian Football League announces an Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority investigation into whether players from the Essendon Football Club were given performance enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-australian-football-league-announces-an-australian-sports-anti-doping-authority-investigation-into-whether-players-from-the-essendon-foo.md) _Context: Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority, doping_
2. [In a widening doping scandal, an ESPN report links five additional Major League Baseball players to the purchase of performance-enhancing drugs from the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami. The report indicates that Gio Gonzalez, previously linked to PED purchases from Biogenesis, did not receive any banned substances from the clinic. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-a-widening-doping-scandal-an-espn-report-links-five-additional-major-league-baseball-players-to-the-purchase-of-performance-enhancing-dr.md) _Context: doping, performance-enhancing drugs_
3. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: doping_
4. [Yelena Isinbayeva, a former Russian Olympic pole-vaulting champion calls on the IAAF not to punish honest athletes in response to doping allegations against Russia. ](/news/2015/11/13/yelena-isinbayeva-a-former-russian-olympic-pole-vaulting-champion-calls-on-the-iaaf-not-to-punish-honest-athletes-in-response-to-doping-all.md) _Context: doping_
5. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: doping_
6. [The United States Justice Department joins a lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong for allegedly defrauding the United States Postal Service by using money from it to buy performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-united-states-justice-department-joins-a-lawsuit-against-cyclist-lance-armstrong-for-allegedly-defrauding-the-united-states-postal-servi.md) _Context: performance-enhancing drugs_
7. [In boxing, on the "B" sample of the doping tests for his November 2012 fight with Wladimir Klitschko,  Mariusz Wach also tested positive for anabolic steroids. ](/news/2013/02/22/in-boxing-on-the-b-sample-of-the-doping-tests-for-his-november-2012-fight-with-wladimir-klitschko-mariusz-wach-also-tested-positive-for.md) _Context: doping_
8. [The ''Miami New Times'' reports that Biogenesis, a Miami anti-aging clinic that closed in December 2012, sold a wide array of performance-enhancing drugs to several prominent Major League Baseball players, among them Alex Rodriguez, Melky Cabrera, Nelson Cruz, and Gio Gonzalez. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-miami-new-times-reports-that-biogenesis-a-miami-anti-aging-clinic-that-closed-in-december-2012-sold-a-wide-array-of-performance-en.md) _Context: performance-enhancing drugs_
9. [American cyclist Lance Armstrong admits to doping in all of his seven Tour de France victories in his interview given to Oprah Winfrey. ](/news/2013/01/18/american-cyclist-lance-armstrong-admits-to-doping-in-all-of-his-seven-tour-de-france-victories-in-his-interview-given-to-oprah-winfrey.md) _Context: doping_
10. [U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong is stripped of his bronze medal from the 2000 Summer Olympics by the IOC because of his involvement in doping. ](/news/2013/01/17/u-s-cyclist-lance-armstrong-is-stripped-of-his-bronze-medal-from-the-2000-summer-olympics-by-the-ioc-because-of-his-involvement-in-doping.md) _Context: doping_
