### [2013-01-20](/news/2013/01/20/index.md)

# In American football, the NFL's San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens win the NFC and AFC championship games, respectively, to advance to Super Bowl XLVII. The game will be the first time in NFL history that two brothers - Jim Harbaugh of the 49ers and John Harbaugh of the Ravens - have been opposing head coaches in the Super Bowl. 

Get a recap of the Baltimore Ravens vs. New England Patriots football game.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://scores.espn.go.com/nfl/recap?gameId=330120017)

### Related:

1. [In American football, the Baltimore Ravens defeat the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII 34-31 after a delay in the game's second half caused by a power outage. ](/news/2013/02/3/in-american-football-the-baltimore-ravens-defeat-the-san-francisco-49ers-in-super-bowl-xlvii-34a31-after-a-delay-in-the-game-s-second-hal.md) _Context: American football, Baltimore Ravens, San Francisco 49ers, Super Bowl XLVII_
2. [Deflategate: In American football, the National Football League finds that two New England Patriots employees intentionally deflated footballs used in the American Football Conference game against the Indianapolis Colts and that quarterback Tom Brady was generally aware of the deflation. ](/news/2015/05/6/deflategate-in-american-football-the-national-football-league-finds-that-two-new-england-patriots-employees-intentionally-deflated-footbal.md) _Context: American Football Conference, American football, National Football League_
3. [ American football: The AFC champion Indianapolis Colts defeat the NFC champion Chicago Bears 29-17 in Super Bowl XLI, claiming their first Super Bowl victory since winning Super Bowl V in 1971.  ](/news/2007/02/4/american-football-the-afc-champion-indianapolis-colts-defeat-the-nfc-champion-chicago-bears-29-17-in-super-bowl-xli-claiming-their-first.md) _Context: American Football Conference, American football, NFC_
4. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
5. [In American football, the National Football League starts its draft for the 2016 NFL season with the Los Angeles Rams choosing Jared Goff with the first pick. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-starts-its-draft-for-the-2016-nfl-season-with-the-los-angeles-rams-choosing-jared-goff-wi.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
6. [American football quarterback Peyton Manning retires after eighteen seasons in the National Football League with two Super Bowl championships, five MVP awards, and single-season and career league records for most passing yards and touchdown passes. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-football-quarterback-peyton-manning-retires-after-eighteen-seasons-in-the-national-football-league-with-two-super-bowl-championship.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
7. [The National Football League's top health and safety official acknowledges a link between American football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-national-football-league-s-top-health-and-safety-official-acknowledges-a-link-between-american-football-and-chronic-traumatic-encephalop.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
8. [2015 NFL draft: In American football, the 80th annual National Football League draft is held in Chicago's Auditorium Theater. Jameis Winston of Florida State University is drafted first by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers despite his problematic past. ](/news/2015/04/30/2015-nfl-draft-in-american-football-the-80th-annual-national-football-league-draft-is-held-in-chicago-s-auditorium-theater-jameis-winston.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
9. [According to a report in ''Sports Illustrated'', Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis used the supplement deer-antler spray (containing a dilute solution of IGF-1 which has been banned by the NFL) to aid his recovery from a torn triceps. Lewis has denied using the substance. The report also alleges that members of the Alabama Crimson Tide used the substance before the 2012 BCS National Championship Game against the LSU Tigers. ](/news/2013/01/29/according-to-a-report-in-sports-illustrated-baltimore-ravens-linebacker-ray-lewis-used-the-supplement-deer-antler-spray-containing-a-d.md) _Context: Baltimore Ravens, National Football League_
10. [In American football, the National Football League draft commences in New York City's Radio City Music Hall, with quarterbacks Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III the first two players chosen. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-draft-commences-in-new-york-city-s-radio-city-music-hall-with-quarterbacks-andrew-luck-a.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
