### [2013-01-20](/news/2013/01/20/index.md)

# The United States Department of State issues a travel warning to United States citizens for the country of Algeria in response to the In Amenas hostage crisis. 

The State Department is warning American citizens about the risks of travel to Algeria and is authorizing the families of State Department staff to leave the country if they choose.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/01/20/us-warns-americans-travel-dangers-in-algeria/)

### Related:

1. [In Amenas hostage crisis:: An Algerian official reports that a group of hostages has escaped from the natural gas complex that was taken over by Islamist militants. It is reported as many as 20 escaped, including Americans. ](/news/2013/01/17/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-an-algerian-official-reports-that-a-group-of-hostages-has-escaped-from-the-natural-gas-complex-that-was-taken-ov.md) _Context: Algeria, In Amenas hostage crisis_
2. [In Amenas hostage crisis:: Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-suspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-takin.md) _Context: Algeria, In Amenas hostage crisis_
3. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
4. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
5. [North Korea-United States relations: After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: United States State Department_
6. [Algerian legislative election, 2017: Voter turnout is predicted to be low as Algerians go to the polls to elect members of the People's National Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/4/algerian-legislative-election-2017-voter-turnout-is-predicted-to-be-low-as-algerians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-the-people-s-nati.md) _Context: Algeria_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: United States State Department_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: United States State Department_
9. [Patrick F. Kennedy, Joyce Anne Barr, Michele Thoren Bond and Gentry O. Smith resign from the United States Department of State, after Victoria Nuland and Gregory B. Starr had declined to stay on in the Donald Trump administration. ](/news/2017/01/26/patrick-f-kennedy-joyce-anne-barr-michele-thoren-bond-and-gentry-o-smith-resign-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-after-victor.md) _Context: United States State Department_
10. [Russia-United States relations: 2016 United States election interference by Russia: The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/russia-united-states-relations-2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-wi.md) _Context: United States State Department_
