### [2017-01-23](/news/2017/01/23/index.md)

# Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/a/syria-cease-fire-talks-astana-preparations/28249616.html)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Opposition agree to attend peace talks with the Syrian government in Astana, Kazakhstan, in order to press for a ceasefire to the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-syrian-opposition-agree-to-attend-peace-talks-with-the-syrian-government-in-astana-kazakhstan-in-order-to-press-for-a-ceasefire-to-the.md) _Context: Astana, Kazakhstan, Syrian government, Syrian peace process, war_
2. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Astana, Kazakhstan, Syrian peace process, war_
3. [Chief Syrian opposition negotiator of the High Negotiations Committee Mohammed Allush resigns over the failure of the UN-backed peace talks. Allush said that without any of the opposition demands met, peace talks were a "waste of time". In April, the HNC suspended talks with the Syrian government's delegation in Vienna. ](/news/2016/05/30/chief-syrian-opposition-negotiator-of-the-high-negotiations-committee-mohammed-allush-resigns-over-the-failure-of-the-un-backed-peace-talks.md) _Context: Syrian government, Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process_
4. [Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. ](/news/2016/04/18/syrian-rebels-launch-new-offensives-against-government-forces-in-the-country-s-latakia-governorate-and-hama-governorate-several-rebel-group.md) _Context: Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process, war_
5. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process, war_
6. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Syrian opposition, Syrian peace process, war_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian opposition, war_
8. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Syrian government, war_
9. [Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-town.md) _Context: Syrian opposition, war_
10. [  The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the  Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing  in the Qalamoun Mountains,   in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-lebanon-syria-bord.md) _Context: Syrian opposition, war_
