### [2017-01-23](/news/2017/01/23/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. 

Activists have condemned as an “assault on women&#039;s health”, a decision by Donald Trump to block US funding for health clinics around the world that provide abortion services. One of the three executive orders Mr Trump signed on his first Monday morning as president, was to reinstate the so-called Mexico City Policy, a rule originally introduced by Ronald Reagan.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/01/23/politics/trans-pacific-partnership-trade-deal-withdrawal-trumps-first-executive-action-monday-sources-say/)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/mexico-city-policy-donald-trump-reimposes-abortion-a7542216.html)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2017/01/23/trump-reverses-abortion-related-policy-to-ban-funding-to-international-health-groups/)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump announces his plans for his first day in office, including quitting the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and canceling restrictions on United States energy production. ](/news/2016/11/21/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-announces-his-plans-for-his-first-day-in-office-including-quitting-the-trans-pacif.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, Trans-Pacific Partnership_
2. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order re-establishing the National Space Council, which was disbanded in 1993. ](/news/2017/06/30/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-an-executive-order-re-establishing-the-national-space-council-which-was-disbanded-in-1993.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
6. [Taiwan-United States relations. The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/taiwan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump, United States_
7. [Cuba-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/cuba-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
8. [Business career of Donald Trump. The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/business-career-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-ov.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States_
10. [Turkey-United States relations. The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
