### [2004-12-3](/news/2004/12/3/index.md)

#  Dragomir_Milosevic, the general who besieged Sarajevo for three years during the Bosnian Civil War surrenders to the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. 12,000 people died during the siege. [http:--news.yahoo.com-news?tmpl=story&u=-afp-20041203-wl_afp-warcrimes_bosnia_serbs_041203132450 (AFP)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ Serbian Justice Minister Zoran Stojkovic rejects the U.N. ICTY war crimes tribunal's demands that Serbia arrest four generals accused of committing atrocities in Kosovo. ](/news/2005/01/5/serbian-justice-minister-zoran-stojkovia-rejects-the-u-n-icty-war-crimes-tribunal-s-demands-that-serbia-arrest-four-generals-accused-of-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, United Nations_
2. [The presiding judge Saban Maksumic of the Sarajevo, Bosnian war crimes court acquits former Bosnian military officer Naser Oric of the charge of killing three Bosnian Serb prisoners of war during the Bosnian War. In July 2008, the Appeals Chamber of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in the Netherlands acquitted Oric for failing to prevent the deaths of five Bosnian Serb detainees and the mistreatment of eleven other detainees from late 1992 to early 1993. ](/news/2017/10/9/the-presiding-judge-a-aban-maksumia-of-the-sarajevo-bosnian-war-crimes-court-acquits-former-bosnian-military-officer-naser-oria-of-the-ch.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
3. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV-AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
