### [2004-12-3](/news/2004/12/3/index.md)

#  Former Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi of Israel and Holocaust survivor Yisrael Meir Lau says that "Jewish history in Europe is nearing its end" and called the Jewish Agency to prepare for the absorption of Europe's Jews in Israel. Lau conveyed concern over rise in antisemitism and fading of the Holocaust remembrance in Europe.[http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-509837.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ Holocaust survivors protest outside the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert's office over the level of support from Israel. ](/news/2007/08/5/holocaust-survivors-protest-outside-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-s-office-over-the-level-of-support-from-israel.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
2. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
3. [ The dedication of the new Yad Vashem Holocaust museum in Jerusalem, Israel: leaders from 40 states and the UN General Secretary Kofi Annan attend inauguration of Holocaust museum. President of Israel Moshe Katzav said that the new museum serves as "an important signpost to all of humankind, a signpost that warns how short the distance is between hatred and murder, between racism and genocide." ](/news/2005/03/15/the-dedication-of-the-new-yad-vashem-holocaust-museum-in-jerusalem-israel-leaders-from-40-states-and-the-un-general-secretary-kofi-annan.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
4. [ Israeli Justice Minister Tommy Lapid causes consternation when he says that an image of an old Arab woman rummaging through rubble in Rafah reminded him of his grandmother, a Holocaust victim. ](/news/2004/05/23/israeli-justice-minister-tommy-lapid-causes-consternation-when-he-says-that-an-image-of-an-old-arab-woman-rummaging-through-rubble-in-rafah.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
5. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
