### [2004-12-3](/news/2004/12/3/index.md)

#  Rwanda denies it has sent any troops to Congo. Reuters (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) quotes unnamed diplomatic sources that claim that the troops were there only temporarily. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4061793.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6987711 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
2. [The trial of two Rwandan rebel leaders charged in connection with their part in crimes against humanity and war crimes carried out by their militias in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2008 and 2009, begins in the Stuttgart high court, Germany. ](/news/2011/05/4/the-trial-of-two-rwandan-rebel-leaders-charged-in-connection-with-their-part-in-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-carried-out-by-their.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
3. [ Democratic Republic of Congo transfers Grgoire Ndahimana to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) to stand trial for the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide. ](/news/2009/09/20/democratic-republic-of-congo-transfers-gregoire-ndahimana-to-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-to-stand-trial-for-the-m.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
4. [ The Presidents of Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda, Joseph Kabila and Paul Kagame, pledge to boost economic and security ties after a rare meeting. ](/news/2009/08/6/the-presidents-of-democratic-republic-of-congo-and-rwanda-joseph-kabila-and-paul-kagame-pledge-to-boost-economic-and-security-ties-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
5. [ Charles Murigande, the foreign minister of Rwanda, criticizes the Democratic Republic of Congo for stopping military operations against the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. ](/news/2007/08/15/charles-murigande-the-foreign-minister-of-rwanda-criticizes-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-for-stopping-military-operations-against-the.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
6. [ Rwandan President Paul Kagame denies previous reports that quoted him as saying Rwanda would invade the Democratic Republic of Congo to deal with Hutu rebel groups responsible for the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2006/11/13/rwandan-president-paul-kagame-denies-previous-reports-that-quoted-him-as-saying-rwanda-would-invade-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-to-dea.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
7. [ The United Nations is looking at the allegations that some UN staff added false details to a UN document about the conflict of Rwanda and Democratic Republic of Congo. William Church, former UN employee and US intelligence analyst, says that some UN staff added false information about Rwandan military incursions to Congo last year. ](/news/2005/04/6/the-united-nations-is-looking-at-the-allegations-that-some-un-staff-added-false-details-to-a-un-document-about-the-conflict-of-rwanda-and-d.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda_
8. [Voters in Rwanda go to the polls to elect their president. Paul Kagame, incumbent since 2000, referred to the election as a formality, despite challenges from the Democratic Greens' Frank Habineza and independent Philippe Mpayimana. Kagame is re-elected with 98.66 of the vote. ](/news/2017/08/4/voters-in-rwanda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-president-paul-kagame-incumbent-since-2000-referred-to-the-election-as-a-formality-despi.md) _Context: Rwanda_
9. [The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua-luba-community-in-kasaa.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo_
10. [Reuters reports, on the basis of anonymous Chinese bankers, that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is instructing them to keep quiet about any negative analysis of prospects for the yuan. ](/news/2017/01/11/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-anonymous-chinese-bankers-that-the-state-administration-of-foreign-exchange-is-instructing-them-to-keep-qu.md) _Context: Reuters_
