### [2004-12-3](/news/2004/12/3/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Ukraine rules that the 2004 second round presidential results are invalid and requires a new vote to be completed within three weeks without determining whether the second round will be re-run or an entirely new election will be run. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4066617.stm (BBC)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=514&e=3&u=/ap/20041203/ap_on_re_eu/ukraine_election_3 (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: The Supreme Court continues its public hearings of electoral fraud. Outgoing President Leonid Kuchma asks for a new election "to preserve peace and consensus and build this just democratic society". ](/news/2004/11/29/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-the-supreme-court-continues-its-public-hearings-of-electoral-fraud-outgoing-president-leonid-kuchma.md) _Context: Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine, Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
2. [The Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine suspends the decision of the Electoral Commission to declare Viktor Yanukovych the winner of the Ukrainian presidential election until the court has decided on the complaints brought by the other candidate, Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. ](/news/2010/02/17/the-supreme-administrative-court-of-ukraine-suspends-the-decision-of-the-electoral-commission-to-declare-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-of-the.md) _Context: Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine_
3. [ Ukrainian presidential election controversy: EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana has returned to Ukraine for talks on the country's political crisis.](/news/2004/12/6/ukrainian-presidential-election-controversy-eu-foreign-policy-chief-javier-solana-has-returned-to-ukraine-for-talks-on-the-country-s-polit.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
4. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
5. [ Ukrainian presidential election: Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych challenges the result of the re-run of the presidential election and threatens to take the case to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/12/28/ukrainian-presidential-election-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-challenges-the-result-of-the-re-run-of-the-presidential-election-and-thre.md) _Context: Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine_
6. [ A previously scheduled EU-Russia summit in The Hague is overshadowed by the Ukraine presidential election crisis. ](/news/2004/11/25/a-previously-scheduled-euarussia-summit-in-the-hague-is-overshadowed-by-the-ukraine-presidential-election-crisis.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
7. [ Despite earlier reports that Ukraine's Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko had agreed to hold talks over the country's heavily disputed elections, this now seems unlikely. Protests continue, with an official election result due to be announced at around 1400 UTC. ](/news/2004/11/24/despite-earlier-reports-that-ukraine-s-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-had-agreed-to-hold-talks-ov.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
8. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko declares himself winner and takes a symbolic oath of office at a parliament special session, boycotted by pro-government MPs. Crowds of around 200,000 Yushchenko supporters rally outside the parliament building in Kiev. Freedom House releases a statement saying that the runoff election was "tainted by massive voter fraud." Russian Foreign Ministry expresses "extreme concern" about the disobedience actions by the Ukrainian opposition. ](/news/2004/11/23/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-declares-himself-winner-and-takes-a-symbolic-oath-of-office-at-a.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
9. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". ](/news/2004/11/22/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-ukraine-s-electoral-commission-declares-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-opposition-leade.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
10. [ Ukraine holds the second vote in a run-off presidential election today. Voters will decide between Moscow-oriented Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and western-leaning reformer Viktor Yushchenko. Observers have expressed concern over possible Russian interference, election abuses, and bias in reporting by the state media. With 74% of vote counted, Yanukovych leads Yushchenko 49-48%. Yushchenko has alleged that massive election fraud has taken place. ](/news/2004/11/21/ukraine-holds-the-second-vote-in-a-run-off-presidential-election-today-voters-will-decide-between-moscow-oriented-prime-minister-viktor-ya.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
