### [2004-12-3](/news/2004/12/3/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China launches a new long-range nuclear submarine and an accompanying class of ballistic missiles, with a range in excess of 7,400 km, developed by the People's Liberation Army. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/uslatest/story/0,1282,-4652642,00.html (AP)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
2. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
3. [United States officials say North Korea has apparently lost contact with one of its submarines. The U.S. was watching the sub off North Korea's eastern coast when it vanished earlier this week. Officials are unsure whether the missing vessel is adrift or has sunk. ](/news/2016/03/13/united-states-officials-say-north-korea-has-apparently-lost-contact-with-one-of-its-submarines-the-u-s-was-watching-the-sub-off-north-kore.md) _Context: submarine_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
5. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
6. [A military parade is held in Beijing featuring 12,000 members of the People's Liberation Army, 500 vehicles and 200 People's Liberation Army Air Force air craft. Women of the Chinese military are allowed to participate in this particular parade for the first time. ](/news/2015/09/3/a-military-parade-is-held-in-beijing-featuring-12-000-members-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-500-vehicles-and-200-people-s-liberation-army.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
7. [The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds-exercises-simulating-chi.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
8. [The U.S. Navy's newest submarine, the 12th in the Virginia-class submarine line, the John Warner, joins the fleet in a commissioning ceremony at Norfolk Naval Station in Norfolk, Virginia. ](/news/2015/08/4/the-u-s-navy-s-newest-submarine-the-12th-in-the-virginia-class-submarine-line-the-john-warner-joins-the-fleet-in-a-commissioning-ceremon.md) _Context: submarine_
9. [China's People's Liberation Army conducts a series of military exercises simulating an attack on Taiwan's Presidential Office Building. ](/news/2015/07/23/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-conducts-a-series-of-military-exercises-simulating-an-attack-on-taiwan-s-presidential-office-building.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
10. [China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). ](/news/2015/01/13/china-sends-an-additional-232-people-s-liberation-army-medical-workers-to-west-africa-to-combat-the-outbreak-in-addition-to-the-78-that-had.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
