### [2010-11-5](/news/2010/11/5/index.md)

# A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. 

The 20bn euro project to build the A400M transport plane is saved as seven nations agree to buy 170 aircraft.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11701337)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany, Spain, Turkey_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany, Luxembourg_
3. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Turkey_
4. [G20 summit. Leaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summit-leaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Spain_
5. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Spain, Turkey_
6. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany, Spain_
7. [Services from the UK, France, Germany and the Netherlands remain disrupted as investigations continue into the Halle train collision in Belgium.](/news/2010/02/17/services-from-the-uk-france-germany-and-the-netherlands-remain-disrupted-as-investigations-continue-into-the-halle-train-collision-in-belg.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany_
8. ["'Winter of 2009-2010 in Europe"'. More than 160 people are trapped in vehicles overnight in Germany, dozens of flights are cancelled, Berlin and Leipzig are buried under 30cm of snow, parts of Schleswig-Holstein remain unreachable. The electricity of 80,000 people is cut off by snow in Poland. Eurostar services are affected in Belgium, Britain and France. ](/news/2010/01/10/winter-of-2009-2010-in-europe-more-than-160-people-are-trapped-in-vehicles-overnight-in-germany-dozens-of-flights-are-cancelled-ber.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany_
9. [Tropical cyclone effects in Europe. The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/tropical-cyclone-effects-in-europe-the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy.md) _Context: Britain, France, Spain_
10. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, Germany_
