### [2010-11-5](/news/2010/11/5/index.md)

# In the United Kingdom, members of the National Union of Journalists at the BBC begin a 48 hour strike in a dispute over proposed changes to the Corporation's pension scheme. BBC News operates a reduced service. 

Members of the National Union of Journalists working for BBC News take industrial action in a dispute over proposed changes to staff pensions.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-11696026)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2010/nov/05/bbc-strike-radio-4-today)

### Related:

1. [The UK's National Union of Journalists calls off a second planned 48-hour strike at the BBC scheduled for 15 and 16 November after the Corporation agrees to hold talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pension scheme changes. ](/news/2010/11/11/the-uk-s-national-union-of-journalists-calls-off-a-second-planned-48-hour-strike-at-the-bbc-scheduled-for-15-and-16-november-after-the-corpo.md) _Context: BBC, National Union of Journalists_
2. [War in Donbass: Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: BBC News_
3. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
4. [An eruption at Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily injures at least ten people, including several in a BBC News crew. ](/news/2017/03/16/an-eruption-at-mount-etna-on-the-italian-island-of-sicily-injures-at-least-ten-people-including-several-in-a-bbc-news-crew.md) _Context: BBC News_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933: The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [North Korea-United Kingdom relations: Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/north-korea-united-kingdom-relations-rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expe.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal: A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savi.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [Britain's National Union of Journalists announces a strike against the "Financial Times", protesting the changes in pension arrangements since the acquisition of the FT by a Japanese media group, Nikkei. ](/news/2015/11/20/britain-s-national-union-of-journalists-announces-a-strike-against-the-financial-times-protesting-the-changes-in-pension-arrangements-sin.md) _Context: National Union of Journalists_
10. [Pollution in China: Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/pollution-in-china-chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenya.md) _Context: BBC News_
