### [2005-06-3](/news/2005/06/3/index.md)

#  Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: The commander of U.S. Forces at Guantnamo Bay, Cuba reported five known incidents of mishandling the Qur'an by guards at the detention facility, including one incident in which a Qur'an was accidentally splashed with urine. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4608949.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: Riots over a ''Newsweek'' story (later retracted) lead to dozens of injuries and at least three deaths in Jalalabad, Eastern Afghanistan. Afghan police use live ammunition to stop the Anti-American rioting organized in protest of the alleged desecration of a copy of the Qur'an. ](/news/2005/05/11/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-riots-over-a-newsweek-story-later-retracted-lead-to-dozens-of-injuries-and-at-least-th.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations, Qur'an_
2. [1,000 students protest at Kabul University as protests continue in Afghanistan over the burning of a Qur'an "found guilty" by pastor Terry Jones' church in the U.S. state of Florida. ](/news/2011/04/5/1-000-students-protest-at-kabul-university-as-protests-continue-in-afghanistan-over-the-burning-of-a-qur-an-found-guilty-by-pastor-terry-j.md) _Context: Qur'an_
3. [Jewish settlers in the West Bank set fire to the Muslim Al-Anbiaa mosque in Beit Fajjar area near the Palestinian city of Bethlehem. Its rug ground and some parts of the Qur'an are burnt and anti-Islamic and anti-Palestinian slogans are written. ](/news/2010/10/4/jewish-settlers-in-the-west-bank-set-fire-to-the-muslim-al-anbiaa-mosque-in-beit-fajjar-area-near-the-palestinian-city-of-bethlehem-its-rug.md) _Context: Qur'an_
4. [ Keith Ellison, the first Muslim member of the United States Congress and the first African American elected to the House from Minnesota is sworn in using Thomas Jefferson's Qur'an. ](/news/2007/01/4/keith-ellison-the-first-muslim-member-of-the-united-states-congress-and-the-first-african-american-elected-to-the-house-from-minnesota-is.md) _Context: Qur'an_
5. [ Muslim women in New York City want to start a Koran council to interpret strict sharia law. ](/news/2006/11/19/muslim-women-in-new-york-city-want-to-start-a-koran-council-to-interpret-strict-sharia-law.md) _Context: Qur'an_
6. [ The Danish embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, is set on fire by protesters because of the continued controversy over the cartoons depicting the Muhammad, and rumors of Qur'an burnings in Denmark. ](/news/2006/02/5/the-danish-embassy-in-beirut-lebanon-is-set-on-fire-by-protesters-because-of-the-continued-controversy-over-the-cartoons-depicting-the-mu.md) _Context: Qur'an_
7. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: Following allegations that the Muslim holy book, the Quran, was urinated on in front of inmates at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the Bush administration drastically changes its position on the credibility of these reports, and now admits that desecration did in fact occur. (Wikinews)](/news/2005/06/4/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-p-following-allegations-that-the-muslim-holy-book-the-quran-was-urinated-on-in-front-of-inm.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations_
8. [ Qur'an desecration by US military: Protests have occurred in Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, Lebanon and Malaysia after the US military admitted that the Qur'an had been "mishandled" by soldiers. ](/news/2005/05/27/qur-an-desecration-by-us-military-protests-have-occurred-in-egypt-pakistan-jordan-lebanon-and-malaysia-after-the-us-military-admitted-t.md) _Context: Qur'an_
9. [ Guantanamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: The Bush Administration suggests that to undo "damage" caused by the story, ''Newsweek'' explain the process by which their story alleging Qur'an desecration, which sparked riots leading to 17 deaths, came into being. ](/news/2005/05/17/guanta-namo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-the-bush-administration-suggests-that-to-undo-damage-caused-by-the-story-newsweek-ex.md) _Context: Qur'an_
10. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations_
