### [2005-06-3](/news/2005/06/3/index.md)

#  In Lebanon, opposition leaders blame Syria for the death of Samir Qasir and demand resignation of president mile Lahoud 

Lebanon&#39;s opposition blamed &quot;Syria and its allies&quot; for the killing of Lebanese journalist Samir Kassir, one of the Assad regime&#39;s most vocal critics who was murdered in a car bomb while leaving his home. The United States also condemned Kassir&#39;s assassination and hinted Syrian involvement. U.S. Ambassador Jeffrey Feltman said: 


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=8566)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4605027.stm)
3. [Daily Star, Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=15624)

### Related:

1. [ In Lebanon, victorious anti-Syria coalition demands resignation of pro-Syrian president mile Lahoud. They hold him responsible for assassinations of opposition figures ](/news/2005/06/23/in-lebanon-victorious-anti-syria-coalition-demands-resignation-of-pro-syrian-president-emile-lahoud-they-hold-him-responsible-for-assassi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
2. [ In Lebanon, bomb kills journalist Samir Qasir, who had been critical of Syria ](/news/2005/06/2/in-lebanon-bomb-kills-journalist-samir-qasir-who-had-been-critical-of-syria.md) _Context: Lebanon, Samir Qasir, Syria_
3. [ Lebanese President mile Lahoud, reappoints Omar Karami as Prime Minister of Lebanon and asks him to form a new government, less than two weeks after Karami resigned in the face of anti-Syrian protests. ](/news/2005/03/10/lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-reappoints-omar-karami-as-prime-minister-of-lebanon-and-asks-him-to-form-a-new-government-less-than-two-w.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
4. [ Lebanese President mile Lahoud names staunch pro-Syrian politician Omar Karami as Prime Minister following Rafic Hariri's resignation on October 20, 2004. Karami, Prime Minister from 1990 to 1992, was forced to resign in 1992. ](/news/2004/10/21/lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-names-staunch-pro-syrian-politician-omar-karami-as-prime-minister-following-rafic-hariri-s-resignation-on-o.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
5. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri resigns and says he will leave the government, ending several weeks of conflict between Hariri and the Syrian-backed President, mile Lahoud. Lahoud's term in office was extended last month, allegedly as a result of pressure from Syria; in response, the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution condemning foreign interference in Lebanon and demanding the withdrawal of foreign troops. ](/news/2004/10/20/lebanese-prime-minister-rafiq-hariri-resigns-and-says-he-will-leave-the-government-ending-several-weeks-of-conflict-between-hariri-and-the.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
6. [ At the request of Syria, and in defiance of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1559, Lebanon amends its constitution to allow President mile Lahoud to serve an additional term. ](/news/2004/09/3/at-the-request-of-syria-and-in-defiance-of-united-nations-security-council-resolution-1559-lebanon-amends-its-constitution-to-allow-presi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, mile Lahoud_
7. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
8. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
9. [Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast-lebanon-close-to-the-syrian-border-l.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
10. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
