### [2006-01-19](/news/2006/01/19/index.md)

#  Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. 

The CIA confirmed Thursday that an audiotape claiming al-Qaida is making preparations to attack the United States again but also offering a truce&#160; bears the voice of&#160;&#160; Osama bin Laden. 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4629858.stm)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/10924015/)
2. [Cover Image](http://media3.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Video/060119/nn_mitch_osama_060119.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq, al-Qaeda_
3. [Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed. ](/news/2010/06/1/al-qaeda-s-top-leader-in-afghanistan-and-osama-bin-laden-s-third-in-command-mustafa-abu-al-yazid-is-reported-killed.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Muhammed Rahim, an al-Qaeda member who helped Osama bin Laden escape from Tora Bora, Afghanistan in 2001, is taken to the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2008/03/14/muhammed-rahim-an-al-qaeda-member-who-helped-osama-bin-laden-escape-from-tora-bora-afghanistan-in-2001-is-taken-to-the-guantanamo-bay-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
5. [ Al Jazeera television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2007/11/29/al-jazeera-television-releases-an-audio-tape-featuring-a-message-believed-to-have-been-recorded-by-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq, al-Qaeda_
7. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
8. [ In Afghanistan, Major General Eric Olson, the operational commander of U.S.-led forces in Afghanistan, says senior leaders of Al Qaeda, probably including Osama bin Laden, are still in command. ](/news/2004/09/11/in-afghanistan-major-general-eric-olson-the-operational-commander-of-u-s-led-forces-in-afghanistan-says-senior-leaders-of-al-qaeda-pro.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
9. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq, al-Qaeda_
10. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq, Osama bin Laden_
