### [2006-01-19](/news/2006/01/19/index.md)

#  In Azerbaijan, two students (Turan Aliev from Baku State University and Namik Feiziev of Azerbaijan State Pedagogical University) are readmitted and end their 22-day hunger strike, started in protest at their expulsion which they claim resulted from their political activities. 




### Source:

1. [IWPR](http://www.iwpr.net/?p=crs&s=f&o=259173&apc_state=henh)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian prisoners of Israel: Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails - activists say up to 1,500 are participating - begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/palestinian-prisoners-of-israel-hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-begi.md) _Context: hunger strike_
2. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
3. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017: In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
4. [Azerbaijani First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva, who is widely considered to be in line to succeed her husband, is named vice president. ](/news/2017/02/21/azerbaijani-first-lady-mehriban-aliyeva-who-is-widely-considered-to-be-in-line-to-succeed-her-husband-is-named-vice-president.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
5. [Four alleged extremists planning terror attacks in Azerbaijan are killed in a shootout with the country's security forces; one suspect is arrested. The State Security Service says the group was connected to an unspecified religious extremist group abroad. ](/news/2017/02/1/four-alleged-extremists-planning-terror-attacks-in-azerbaijan-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-country-s-security-forces-one-suspect-is-ar.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
6. [Imprisoned Azerbaijani journalist Khadija Ismayilova is announced as the winner of the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for 2016 for "her outstanding contribution to press freedom in difficult circumstances." ](/news/2016/05/3/imprisoned-azerbaijani-journalist-khadija-ismayilova-is-announced-as-the-winner-of-the-unesco-guillermo-cano-world-press-freedom-prize-for-2.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
7. [ 2016 Silk Way Airlines Antonov An-12 crash: An Azerbaijani cargo airplane crashes during landing in southern Afghanistan, killing seven out of its nine crew members. ](/news/2016/05/19/2016-silk-way-airlines-antonov-an-12-crash-an-azerbaijani-cargo-airplane-crashes-during-landing-in-southern-afghanistan-killing-seven-out.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
8. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Armenia-Azerbaijan relations: Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
9. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
10. [2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: According to officials from the breakaway region of Nagorno-Karabakh, one of their soldiers was killed overnight by Azerbaijani troops. ](/news/2016/04/27/2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-according-to-officials-from-the-breakaway-region-of-nagorno-karabakh-one-of-their-soldiers-was-killed.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
