### [2006-01-19](/news/2006/01/19/index.md)

#  Italy will conclude its mission in Iraq by the end of the year, in the first clear timetable for Rome to withdraw its troops, says Defense Minister Antonio Martino. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=1521195)

### Related:

1. [ A massive demonstration in Rome asks for the release of an Italian journalist abducted in Iraq. ](/news/2005/02/19/a-massive-demonstration-in-rome-asks-for-the-release-of-an-italian-journalist-abducted-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Rome_
2. [ Italians outraged by the latest kidnapping in Iraq&mdash;of two Italian aid workers&mdash;gather to protest outside Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's offices in Rome. ](/news/2004/09/8/italians-outraged-by-the-latest-kidnapping-in-iraq-mdash-of-two-italian-aid-workers-mdash-gather-to-protest-outside-prime-minister-silvio-b.md) _Context: Iraq, Rome_
3. [ Global protests against war on Iraq: People around the world demonstrated against the planning of war against Iraq. In Rome three million people were on the streets, in London one million. In Berlin there were half a million in the largest demonstration for some decades. There were also protest marches all over France as well as in many other smaller European cities. Protests were also held in South Africa, Syria, India, Russia, Canada and in the US, in around 600 cities in total.](/news/2003/02/15/global-protests-against-war-on-iraq-people-around-the-world-demonstrated-against-the-planning-of-war-against-iraq-in-rome-three-million-p.md) _Context: Iraq, Rome_
4. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely "a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done". ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
