### [2016-07-18](/news/2016/07/18/index.md)

#  General Akin Ozturk, Turkish Air Force chief until August 2015, confesses to planning last week's attempted coup d'etat, according to the state-run Anadolu News Agency. 

Gen. Akin Ozturk, former chief of the Turkish air force, has confessed to planning the coup attempt that left more than 200 dead, according to state-run media.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/07/18/Former-Turkish-air-force-chief-confesses-to-planning-coup-state-run-media-reports/3341468821139/?spt=hts&or=5)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/upi/3341468821139/2016/7/73dff0defc9c5bdaa29d1a20eac2bdba/v1.5/Former-Turkish-air-force-chief-confesses-to-planning-coup-state-run-media-reports.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Turkish authorities have ordered the arrest of 105 people working in information technology who were believed to have been involved in the attempted overthrow of the government last year, state-run Anadolu Agency reported on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/11/turkish-authorities-have-ordered-the-arrest-of-105-people-working-in-information-technology-who-were-believed-to-have-been-involved-in-the-a.md) _Context: Anadolu Agency_
2. [A Turkish Air Force Eurocopter AS532 Cougar helicopter crashes in Sirnak Province after hitting an electricity line, killing all 13 soldiers on board. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-turkish-air-force-eurocopter-as532-cougar-helicopter-crashes-in-aa-rnak-province-after-hitting-an-electricity-line-killing-all-13-soldie.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
3. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Turkish Air Force_
4. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: coup_
5. [The Turkish government dismisses more than 4,400 public servants from their jobs in the latest purge within the country following a failed coup attempt last year. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-turkish-government-dismisses-more-than-4-400-public-servants-from-their-jobs-in-the-latest-purge-within-the-country-following-a-failed-c.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
6. [About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges-of-murder-and-attempting-t.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
7. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-absen.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
8. [The Supreme Court of Greece rejects the extradition of eight soldiers accused by Turkey of involvement in the 2016 Turkish "coup d'etat" attempt. ](/news/2017/01/26/the-supreme-court-of-greece-rejects-the-extradition-of-eight-soldiers-accused-by-turkey-of-involvement-in-the-2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-at.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
9. [In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-main-opposition-parties-hold-a-cross.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
10. [Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square in a show of support for the new powers that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has received in order to crackdown on dissent following the attempted coup. ](/news/2016/07/22/thousands-gather-in-istanbul-s-taksim-square-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-new-powers-that-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-has-received-in-or.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
