### [2016-07-18](/news/2016/07/18/index.md)

# Indonesian police kill two militants in a clash in a remote jungle area on Sulawesi island. One may be  Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of ISIL-connected Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, and the country's "most wanted man."  Forensic tests will be carried out. Three others, including two women, escaped. 

JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia&#039;s most wanted Islamic militant was killed in a gunbattle with security forces, a top minister said Tuesday, in a victory for the government&#039;s counterterrorism campaign that further tightens…


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/newswires/3222028-indonesian-forces-kill-militants-suspect-most-wanted-man-among-them/)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/28571f6febf44de980531b2da8455f52/police-kill-militants-say-1-may-be-indonesias-most-wanted)

### Related:

1. [An unidentified senior Indonesian  official says the government is  "99 percent" certain  Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of ISIL-connected Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, was killed in Monday's clash with security forces on Sulawesi island. ](/news/2016/07/19/an-unidentified-senior-indonesian-official-says-the-government-is-99-percent-certain-abu-wardah-santoso-leader-of-isil-connected-mujah.md) _Context: Abu Wardah Santoso, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, Sulawesi island_
2. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed-in-yesterday-s-bomb.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [A suicide bomber kills at least five people and wounds ten more near government offices in Kabul. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/12/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-five-people-and-wounds-ten-more-near-government-offices-in-kabul-isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
