### [2016-07-18](/news/2016/07/18/index.md)

# Morocco formally announces it wishes to rejoin the African Union 32 years after leaving over its recognition of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic in Western Sahara. 

Morocco formally announces its wish to rejoin the African Union, 32 years after leaving over a dispute about Western Sahara.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-36822240)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/178E2/production/_90428469_gettyimages-97355465-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ South Africa decides to recognize the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) because Morocco refuse to discuss the territory self-determination.""Once that process was stopped and Baker resigned and Morocco said its (sovereignty claim) was not negotiable, then we were left with no choice"" declared Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. Recognition of the SADR by South Africa had been promised by Nelson Mandela in 1994, but had been postponed by pressures from other countries, as the United States, France or Palestine. Thabo Mbeki stated on a speech to the Pan-African Parliament that the international community should press for Western Sahara's self-determination in the same way as it had done to end South Africa's apartheid. Morocco reacted recalling its ambassador in South Africa for consultations, considering the recognition "partial, surprising and inopportune". ](/news/2004/09/15/south-africa-decides-to-recognize-the-sahrawi-arab-democratic-republic-sadr-because-morocco-refuse-to-discuss-the-territory-self-determin.md) _Context: Morocco, Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, Western Sahara_
2. [Morocco rejoins the African Union after a 33-year absence, despite opposition from several member states over the political status of Western Sahara. ](/news/2017/01/31/morocco-rejoins-the-african-union-after-a-33-year-absence-despite-opposition-from-several-member-states-over-the-political-status-of-wester.md) _Context: African Union, Morocco_
3. [Mohamed Abdelaziz, the leader of the Polisario Front which fought for the independence of Western Sahara from Morocco, dies after leading the group since 1976. ](/news/2016/05/31/mohamed-abdelaziz-the-leader-of-the-polisario-front-which-fought-for-the-independence-of-western-sahara-from-morocco-dies-after-leading-th.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
4. [Morocco suspends contact with the European Union over a European court ruling that invalidates the bloc's farm trade deal with Rabat, and saying it should exclude the disputed Moroccan-controlled territory of Western Sahara. ](/news/2016/02/25/morocco-suspends-contact-with-the-european-union-over-a-european-court-ruling-that-invalidates-the-bloc-s-farm-trade-deal-with-rabat-and-sa.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
5. [In New York, representatives of Morocco and Western Sahara conclude UN-backed talks on resolving the conflict between the two countries without reaching an agreement that was satisfactory to both parties. ](/news/2011/06/8/in-new-york-representatives-of-morocco-and-western-sahara-conclude-un-backed-talks-on-resolving-the-conflict-between-the-two-countries-with.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
6. [The death toll from clashes at a camp in Western Sahara between Sahrawi protesters and Moroccan police rises to eleven. ](/news/2010/11/9/the-death-toll-from-clashes-at-a-camp-in-western-sahara-between-sahrawi-protesters-and-moroccan-police-rises-to-eleven.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
7. [Two people are killed and several injured after a protest camp in Western Sahara is broken up by Morocco, hours before talks on the disputed territory begin. ](/news/2010/11/8/two-people-are-killed-and-several-injured-after-a-protest-camp-in-western-sahara-is-broken-up-by-morocco-hours-before-talks-on-the-disputed.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
8. [Thousands of people protest in Spain against a raid by Moroccan authorities in a camp in the disputed Western Sahara. ](/news/2010/11/14/thousands-of-people-protest-in-spain-against-a-raid-by-moroccan-authorities-in-a-camp-in-the-disputed-western-sahara.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
9. [Morocco arrests 96 people it accuses of inciting violence during last Monday's deadly police raid on the Gdaim Izik camp in Western Sahara. Half a dozen appear before a military court, including activist Annaama Asfari. ](/news/2010/11/13/morocco-arrests-96-people-it-accuses-of-inciting-violence-during-last-monday-s-deadly-police-raid-on-the-gdaim-izik-camp-in-western-sahara.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
10. [A Western Saharan human rights campaigner alleges abuse by Moroccan police after being interviewed by the BBC for their "Tropic of Cancer" programme. ](/news/2010/03/20/a-western-saharan-human-rights-campaigner-alleges-abuse-by-moroccan-police-after-being-interviewed-by-the-bbc-for-their-tropic-of-cancer-p.md) _Context: Morocco, Western Sahara_
