
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.json)  [XML](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.xml)  

### [2016-07-18](/news/2016/07/18/index.md)

# The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. 

Turkey could fall foul of Nato&#039;s &quot;requirement with respect to democracy&quot; if it fails to uphold the rule of law in the wake of an attempted coup, the US Secretary of State John Kerry has warned. The Turkish government&#039;s response to the failed coup has alarmed both the US and the EU, after it described the plotters as a &quot;cancer&quot; which had to be &quot;cleansed&quot; from public institutions. A State Department spokesman has suggested it is &quot;too soon to say&quot; if a clampdown by the Erdogan government could jeopardise Turkey&#039;s membership of Nato.


### Sources:

1. [The Independent](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/turkey-coup-could-threaten-countrys-nato-membership-john-kerry-warns-a7142491.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2016/06/27/18/gettyimages-543291912.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Turkey-United States relations: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:31 (First version)_
1. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-united-states-state-department-and-the-pentagon-order-families-of-u-s-diplomats-and-military-personnel-to-leave-posts-in-southern-turke.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkey-United States relations, Turkish President_
2. [The White House confirms Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu's announcement that President Donald Trump told Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan that America is preparing to stop supplying weapons to ethnic Kurdish fighters in Syria. ](/news/2017/11/24/the-white-house-confirms-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-s-announcement-that-president-donald-trump-told-turkish-president-rec.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey-United States relations, Turkish President_
3. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish President_
4. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish President_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish President_
