### [2016-07-18](/news/2016/07/18/index.md)

# The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. 

Several protests took place in Cleveland on the opening day of the Republican National Convention, but they remained peaceful.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/note-republican-national-convention-2016-kicks-off-cleveland/story?id=40661336)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/19/politics/melania-trump-michelle-obama-speech/)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/07/18/Demonstrators-peaceful-on-first-day-of-GOP-convention/3091468862640/?spt=hrs&or=2)

### Related:

1. [Former Governor of Texas and Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry endorses Donald Trump for president and says he is open to being Trump's vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/05/5/former-governor-of-texas-and-republican-presidential-candidate-rick-perry-endorses-donald-trump-for-president-and-says-he-is-open-to-being-t.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, Governor of Texas, Rick Perry_
2. ["The New York Times" reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-memo-from-james-comey-read-in-part-to-a-reporter-by-a-comey-associate-revealed-that-president-donald-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Michael Flynn, President_
3. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President, United States Army_
4. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, President_
5. [Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-the-required-electoral-college-votes-to-be-se.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, President_
6. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
7. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, 2016 U.S. presidential election, Cleveland_
8. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention, citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump_
9. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept-a.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, 2016 U.S. presidential election, Cleveland_
10. [The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition demanding Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on open carrying of firearms. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-secret-service-says-only-law-enforcement-officers-will-be-allowed-to-have-guns-inside-the-republican-national-convention-t.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Cleveland, Ohio_
