### [2010-09-25](/news/2010/09/25/index.md)

# In the United Kingdom, the Labour Party elects Ed Miliband over his older brother David in the tightest leadership election in history, with Ed coming out on top in only the 4th round of voting. 

Ed Miliband beats his brother David by a wafer thin margin to be elected leader of the Labour Party.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/09/20109251613940641.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11412031)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2010/sep/25/ed-miliband-wins-labour-leadership)

### Related:

1. [Members of the United Kingdom Labour Party start voting in the leadership election with the candidates being Diane Abbott, David Miliband, Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Andy Burnham. ](/news/2010/09/1/members-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-start-voting-in-the-leadership-election-with-the-candidates-being-diane-abbott-david-miliband-e.md) _Context: Britain, David Miliband, Ed Miliband, Labour, being elected_
2. [Ed Miliband declares the death of Tony Blair's centrist New Labour in his first interview since being elected leader of the British Labour Party yesterday. ](/news/2010/09/26/ed-miliband-declares-the-death-of-tony-blair-s-centrist-new-labour-in-his-first-interview-since-being-elected-leader-of-the-british-labour-p.md) _Context: Ed Miliband, Labour, being elected_
3. [ "Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one.. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department.. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport.. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required.. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-be.md) _Context: Britain, David Miliband, Labour_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
6. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom. A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
7. [West Lothian question. The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
8. [The outcome of the election for the next leader of the United Kingdom Labour Party is announced with Jeremy Corbyn winning the contest ahead of Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall while Tom Watson is elected as the new deputy leader. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-outcome-of-the-election-for-the-next-leader-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-is-announced-with-jeremy-corbyn-winning-the-contest-ahead.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
9. [British Labour Party leader Ed Miliband says he will end the automatic affiliation fee paid to the Party by three million union members after the Unite union was accused of secretly signing up its members in order to get its favoured candidate elected in the Falkirk constituency. ](/news/2013/07/9/british-labour-party-leader-ed-miliband-says-he-will-end-the-automatic-affiliation-fee-paid-to-the-party-by-three-million-union-members-afte.md) _Context: Ed Miliband, Labour_
10. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: Britain, David Miliband_
