### [2010-09-25](/news/2010/09/25/index.md)

# Mahmoud Abbas addresses the United Nations General Assembly, where he states that Palestinians desire "a comprehensive and just" peace agreement and requests that Israel cease its policy of building settlements in the West Bank. 

Palestinians are willing and ready to reach a comprehensive and just peace agreement, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas tells the UN.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/09/2010925164625386949.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11412630)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-09/26/c_13529403.htm)

### Related:

1. [President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas speaks of the possibility of dissolving the Authority if Israel continues its construction on occupied Palestinian land in the West Bank, saying there is little point remaining "the president of an authority that doesn't exist". ](/news/2010/12/4/president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-speaks-of-the-possibility-of-dissolving-the-authority-if-israel-continues-its-construct.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
2. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
3. [The Israeli settlement freeze ends at 22.00 (GMT), should Israel restart construction of buildings on the West Bank the peace talks with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas are expected to end. ](/news/2010/09/26/the-israeli-settlement-freeze-ends-at-22-00-gmt-should-israel-restart-construction-of-buildings-on-the-west-bank-the-peace-talks-with-pal.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
4. [ Israel begins the Gaza Strip pullout plan. The Kissufim Roadblock was shut down at midnight between August 14 and August 15. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hailed the move as "historic" but said Israel should also pull out of the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/15/israel-begins-the-gaza-strip-pullout-plan-the-kissufim-roadblock-was-shut-down-at-midnight-between-august-14-and-august-15-palestinian-le.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
8. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
9. [The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements  or expanding existing settlements in  the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expanding-existing-settlements-in-the-west-bank-may-not-be-helpful.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
10. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
