### [2010-09-25](/news/2010/09/25/index.md)

# The Soyuz TMA-18 capsule carrying three members of the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/sci/2010-09/25/c_13528787.htm)

### Related:

1. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
2. [The Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft, carrying half of the members of Expedition 27 back from their crew rotation aboard the International Space Station, lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2011/05/24/the-soyuz-tma-20-spacecraft-carrying-half-of-the-members-of-expedition-27-back-from-their-crew-rotation-aboard-the-international-space-stat.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
3. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
4. [Soyuz TMA-18 is launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome, carrying three members of the Expedition 23 crew of the International Space Station. ](/news/2010/04/2/soyuz-tma-18-is-launched-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-carrying-three-members-of-the-expedition-23-crew-of-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: International Space Station, Soyuz TMA-18_
5. [ International Space Station Expedition 19 launches aboard the Soyuz TMA-14 from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2009/03/26/international-space-station-expedition-19-launches-aboard-the-soyuz-tma-14-from-kazakhstan-s-baikonur-cosmodrome.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
6. [ Soyuz TMA-5: A Russian Soyuz spacecraft lands in Kazakhstan, bringing 3 astronauts, Russian Salizhan Sharipov, Chinese American Leroy Chiao and Italian Roberto Vittori, safely back to Earth from the International Space Station. ](/news/2005/04/24/soyuz-tma-5-a-russian-soyuz-spacecraft-lands-in-kazakhstan-bringing-3-astronauts-russian-salizhan-sharipov-chinese-american-leroy-chiao.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
7. [ Soyuz TMA-6 lifts off at dawn from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan carrying the Expedition 11 crew to the International Space Station. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,153539,00.html (Fox News)] [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20050415/wl_nm/space_russia_launch_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 02:40, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/15/soyuz-tma-6-lifts-off-at-dawn-from-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakhstan-carrying-the-expedition-11-crew-to-the-international-space-station-h.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
8. [SpaceX CRS-11: SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-crs-11-spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internat.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
