### [2016-10-16](/news/2016/10/16/index.md)

# A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. 

A self-made explosive device went off while Arsen Pavlov, known as Motorola, was in an elevator


### Source:

1. [TASS](http://tass.com/world/906799)
2. [The Kyiv Post](https://www.kyivpost.com/ukraine-politics/russian-mercenary-arseniy-pavlov-war-crimes-suspect-known-motorola-reportedly-killed.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://phototass3.cdnvideo.ru/width/1200_4ce85301/tass/m2/en/uploads/i/20161016/1149392.jpg)

### Related:

1. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
2. [Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-controlled-mariupol.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
3. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia, War in Donbass_
4. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia, War in Donbass_
5. [The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the-country-during.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia, War in Donbass_
6. [Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet-era-policies.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
7. [Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respectively-in-donetsk-and-luhansk-go-t.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
8. [A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused-by-a-missile-th.md) _Context: Donetsk, Russia, War in Donbass_
9. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk, Donetsk People's Republic_
10. [Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-makiivka-don.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
