### [2016-10-16](/news/2016/10/16/index.md)

# A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. 

A suicide bomber killed three police officers and wounded at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep on Sunday during a police raid on a suspected Islamic State safehouse, a local official and security sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-blast-idUSKBN12G0C8)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20161016&t=2&i=1157655980&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEC9F0FN)

### Related:

1. [Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-says-36-people-were-killed-as.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
2. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
3. [Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group -- based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border -- is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. ](/news/2015/10/28/ankara-s-chief-prosecutor-s-office-says-it-has-strong-evidence-that-an-islamic-state-group-a-based-in-gaziantep-near-the-syrian-border.md) _Context: Gaziantep, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
4. [Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linked-to-the-islamic-state-g.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
5. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
6. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
8. [Turkish Armed Forces claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel-forces-caused-symptoms.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
9. [Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrikes-in-three-recently-captured-from-isil-villages-west-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
10. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
