### [2016-10-16](/news/2016/10/16/index.md)

# The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. 

The United States and Britain called on Sunday for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end violence between Iran-backed Houthis and the government, which is supported by Gulf states.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-britain-usa-idUSKBN12G0MX)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/16/britain-and-us-call-for-yemen-ceasefire-within-hours)

### Related:

1. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: American, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
2. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: American, Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
3. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: American, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
4. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Kingdom, Yemen's_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: American, Saudi Arabia, United Kingdom_
6. [Houthi rebels release six foreign hostages; three Americans, two Saudis, and a Briton. ](/news/2015/09/20/houthi-rebels-release-six-foreign-hostages-three-americans-two-saudis-and-a-briton.md) _Context: American, Saudi Arabia, United Kingdom_
7. [The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the deteriorating security situation in Yemen as the United States removes all remaining personnel. ](/news/2015/03/22/the-united-nations-security-council-meets-to-discuss-the-deteriorating-security-situation-in-yemen-as-the-united-states-removes-all-remainin.md) _Context: American, Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
8. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France close their Yemeni embassies and evacuate their staff due to terrorist activities and continued unrest. ](/news/2015/02/11/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-close-their-yemeni-embassies-and-evacuate-their-staff-due-to-terrorist-activities-and-continue.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom, Yemen's_
9. [The US, UK, France and Germany ban all air freight from Yemen at their respective countries' airports following the discovery of two explosive packages. ](/news/2010/10/31/the-us-uk-france-and-germany-ban-all-air-freight-from-yemen-at-their-respective-countries-airports-following-the-discovery-of-two-explosi.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom, Yemen's_
10. [Security alert in the United Kingdom and United States:Law enforcement authorities in the UK and the US are on high alert after suspicious packages are found on flights arriving from Yemen. A similar package is discovered in Dubai. ](/news/2010/10/29/security-alert-in-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-plaw-enforcement-authorities-in-the-uk-and-the-us-are-on-high-alert-after-suspicious.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom, Yemen's_
