### [2016-10-16](/news/2016/10/16/index.md)

# Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. 

Syrian rebels said they captured Dabiq, forcing ISIS from a stronghold where it had promised a final, apocalyptic battle with the West.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/syria-rebels-capture-dabiq-where-isis-promised-final-battle-west-n667131)

### Related:

1. [Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-heavy-clashes-with-isil-militants.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, ISIS, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
2. [Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the-location-where-an.md) _Context: Dabiq, ISIS, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
3. [The Turkish Armed Forces and US-backed Syrian rebels launch an initially successful campaign to capture the town of Jarabulus from ISIL. The Turkish Land Forces are also shelling YPG positions to prevent them from capturing areas that ISIL will retreat from. ](/news/2016/08/24/the-turkish-armed-forces-and-us-backed-syrian-rebels-launch-an-initially-successful-campaign-to-capture-the-town-of-jarabulus-from-isil-the.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, ISIS, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
4. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIS, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-town.md) _Context: ISIS, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
6. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: ISIS, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
7. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIS, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, ISIS, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIS, Syrian Civil War_
10. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIS, Syrian Civil War_
