### [2005-06-29](/news/2005/06/29/index.md)

#  A Belgian jury finds two Rwandans, Etienne Nzabonimana and Samuel Ndashyikirwa, guilty of involvement in the Rwandan genocide.




### Related:

1. [ In Belgium, two Rwandan men, tienne Nzabonimana and Samuel Ndashyikirwa, are put into trial accused of involvement with the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2005/05/8/in-belgium-two-rwandan-men-etienne-nzabonimana-and-samuel-ndashyikirwa-are-put-into-trial-accused-of-involvement-with-the-rwandan-genoci.md) _Context: Etienne Nzabonimana, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide, Samuel Ndashyikirwa_
2. [ A Belgian court sentences former Rwandan army major Bernard Ntuyahaga to twenty years in jail for the murder of 10 Belgian Army peacekeepers and an undetermined number of civilians in the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2007/07/5/a-belgian-court-sentences-former-rwandan-army-major-bernard-ntuyahaga-to-twenty-years-in-jail-for-the-murder-of-10-belgian-army-peacekeeper.md) _Context: Belgian, Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
3. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
4. [  A Swedish court sentences  Claver Berinkindi, a 61-year-old  Swedish citizen originally from Rwanda, to life in prison for participation  in the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ](/news/2016/05/16/a-swedish-court-sentences-claver-berinkindi-a-61-year-old-swedish-citizen-originally-from-rwanda-to-life-in-prison-for-participation.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
5. [Authorities in Rwanda jail former politician Leon Mugesera for life. Mugesera was known for describing Tutsis as "cockroaches" and called for their extermination in a speech in 1992 and is said to be a precursor to the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2016/04/15/authorities-in-rwanda-jail-former-politician-la-c-on-mugesera-for-life-mugesera-was-known-for-describing-tutsis-as-cockroaches-and-called-f.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
6. [Former Rwandan minister Augustin Ngirabatware is sentenced to 35 years imprisonment for his role during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. ](/news/2012/12/20/former-rwandan-minister-augustin-ngirabatware-is-sentenced-to-35-years-imprisonment-for-his-role-during-the-1994-rwandan-genocide.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
7. [Rwanda's "gacaca courts", set up to try those responsible for playing a role in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide, finish their work. ](/news/2012/06/18/rwanda-s-gacaca-courts-set-up-to-try-those-responsible-for-playing-a-role-in-the-1994-rwandan-genocide-finish-their-work.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
8. [Two former Rwandan politicians of the National Republican Movement for Democracy and Development party&ndash;Mathieu Ngirumpatse and douard Karemera&ndash;are jailed for their role in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. ](/news/2011/12/21/two-former-rwandan-politicians-of-the-national-republican-movement-for-democracy-and-development-party-ndash-mathieu-ngirumpatse-and-edouard.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
9. [Rwandan genocide suspect Bernard Munyagishari is arrested, accused of murdering Tutsis and moderate Hutus in 1994. ](/news/2011/05/26/rwandan-genocide-suspect-bernard-munyagishari-is-arrested-accused-of-murdering-tutsis-and-moderate-hutus-in-1994.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
10. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, Rwandan Genocide_
