### [2005-06-29](/news/2005/06/29/index.md)

#  International Federation for Human Rights demands that International Criminal Court investigate human rights abuses of Colombian paramilitary group Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC) 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4633955.stm)
2. [World peace Herald](http://www.wpherald.com/storyview.php?StoryID=20050629-033304-3277r)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights, International Criminal Court_
2. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Human rights, International Criminal Court_
3. [Colombia-Venezuela relations: Censorship in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Colombia_
4. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali: The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
5. [Libyan Civil War: The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/libyan-civil-war-the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-followin.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
6. [Maritime incidents in 2017: At least nine people are killed and about 30 others are missing after their multi-story tourist boat, carrying about 170 people, sinks in a reservoir in northwest Colombia near Medellin. ](/news/2017/06/25/maritime-incidents-in-2017-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-about-30-others-are-missing-after-their-multi-story-tourist-boat-carrying-a.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [Colombian conflict: A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/colombian-conflict-a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-an.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [Gaddafi family: Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/gaddafi-family-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-govern.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [Philippine Drug War: A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
