
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/06/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-1-17-billion-funding-bill-for-amtrak-in-fiscal-year-2006-an-amount-that-is-still-shor.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/06/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-1-17-billion-funding-bill-for-amtrak-in-fiscal-year-2006-an-amount-that-is-still-shor.json)  [XML](/news/2005/06/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-1-17-billion-funding-bill-for-amtrak-in-fiscal-year-2006-an-amount-that-is-still-shor.xml)  

### [2005-06-29](/news/2005/06/29/index.md)

##### United States House of Representatives
#  The United States House of Representatives passes a $1.17 billion funding bill for Amtrak in fiscal year 2006, an amount that is still short of the $2 billion Amtrak was originally seeking. The funding was approved in an amendment to a more general transportation and treasury appropriations bill. The House also removed the requirement in the bill that would mandate Amtrak to end passenger train service on currently unprofitable routes. The funding has yet to be approved by the Senate.




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: US$, United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
2. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which sends it to United States President Donald Trump for signing. This comes after a previous and different version of this legislation was passed by the House yesterday. The law removes the individual insurance mandate from Obamacare. ](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-pass-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-which-sends-it-to-united-states-president-dona.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
3. [The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 227 votes to 203. After being sent to the United States Senate for a vote, the Senate's parliamentarian found that several provisions in the House bill violated Senate rules, which forced the House of Representatives to call a second vote on an altered version of the legislation that has the violating provisions removed. The second vote by the House of Representatives is expected to take place on December 20, 2017. ](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-after-being-sent-to-the-united-stat.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
4. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
5. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary-of-health-and-human-servi.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
