### [2005-06-29](/news/2005/06/29/index.md)

#  Venezuela forms Petrocaribe, an energy cooperation pact with 13 Caribbean states to supply them with cheaper oil. Trinidad and Tobago and Barbados opt out 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000086&sid=aUHur910fpqA&refer=latin_america)
2. [Caribbean Net News](http://www.caribbeannetnews.com/2005/06/30/regional.shtml)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8934470)

### Related:

1. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: Venezuela, oil_
2. [Guyana rejects the latest objections raised by neighboring Venezuela over the granting to ExxonMobil Corp. of an oil and gas concession in Caribbean waters claimed by both nations. ](/news/2015/03/14/guyana-rejects-the-latest-objections-raised-by-neighboring-venezuela-over-the-granting-to-exxonmobil-corp-of-an-oil-and-gas-concession-in-c.md) _Context: Caribbean, Venezuela_
3. [ Speaking in Lima's ''El Comercio'' in response to some ironic quotes by Peruvian President Alan Garcia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says his country will continue to export oil to the United States because it is "in interest". ](/news/2009/09/1/speaking-in-lima-s-el-comercio-in-response-to-some-ironic-quotes-by-peruvian-president-alan-garcaa-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez.md) _Context: Venezuela, oil_
4. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez proposes building a gas pipeline between Venezuela and the Caribbean supplying states such as Cuba. ](/news/2007/08/11/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-proposes-building-a-gas-pipeline-between-venezuela-and-the-caribbean-supplying-states-such-as-cuba.md) _Context: Caribbean, Venezuela_
5. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez says that he suspects that the US intends to kill him, and that he would stop oil exports to the US in the event of an assassination attempt. ](/news/2005/02/21/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-says-that-he-suspects-that-the-us-intends-to-kill-him-and-that-he-would-stop-oil-exports-to-the-us-in-the.md) _Context: Venezuela, oil_
6. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
