### [2013-05-21](/news/2013/05/21/index.md)

# U.S. Army Brigadier General Bryan T. Roberts, the Commanding General of the U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson in Fort Jackson, South Carolina, is suspended from his duties because of an investigation into alleged adultery (which is treated as a criminal violation, not just a civil matter, in the U.S. military), and for allegedly being in a physical altercation. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/21/18403871-army-general-suspended-from-duties-amid-adultery-investigation?lite)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration chooses retired United States Air Force Brigadier General Gregory Touhill the first federal CISO chief, who reports to the CIO of the U.S. Tony Scott. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-obama-administration-chooses-retired-united-states-air-force-brigadier-general-gregory-touhill-the-first-federal-ciso-chief-who-reports.md) _Context: Brigadier General_
2. [The U.S. Army awards the $6.7 billion contract for the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, the replacement for the Humvee, to the Wisconsin-based company Oshkosh Corporation. ](/news/2015/08/26/the-u-s-army-awards-the-6-7-billion-contract-for-the-joint-light-tactical-vehicle-the-replacement-for-the-humvee-to-the-wisconsin-based.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
3. [A U.S. Army Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes while landing on a U.S. Navy cargo vessel near the Japanese island of Okinawa, with seven people injured. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-u-s-army-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-while-landing-on-a-u-s-navy-cargo-vessel-near-the-japanese-island-of-okinawa-with.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
4. [The U.S. Army, working with the U.S. Navy and NASA, through its Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator transport helicopter re-design program, in the latest issue of Army Technology Magazine, takes note of some new designs Sikorsky-Boeing (the Sikorsky Defiant, which like the existing Sikorsky X2 and Sikorsky S-97 Raider, features a faster pusher propeller) and Bell Helicopter (the V-280 Valor, which resembles a slimmed-down version of the tilt-rotor V-22 Osprey, and comes in three versions: a troop- and equipment-carrying utility style, a medevac, and an attack chopper) have come up with since they were selected by the Pentagon in August 2014. ](/news/2015/03/8/the-u-s-army-working-with-the-u-s-navy-and-nasa-through-its-joint-multi-role-technology-demonstrator-transport-helicopter-re-design-prog.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
5. [A U.S. major general Harold J. Greene is killed, and a German brigadier general and several American troops are among the 15 wounded, in a attack by an Afghan soldier gunman - who was killed by Afghan soldiers - at Kabul's Marshal Fahim National Defense University. ](/news/2014/08/5/a-u-s-major-general-harold-j-greene-is-killed-and-a-german-brigadier-general-and-several-american-troops-are-among-the-15-wounded-in-a-a.md) _Context: Brigadier General_
6. [Sudan puts a married Ethiopian woman to trial after being gang-raped because she waited before she reported it. She faces the death penalty for adultery. ](/news/2014/02/21/sudan-puts-a-married-ethiopian-woman-to-trial-after-being-gang-raped-because-she-waited-before-she-reported-it-she-faces-the-death-penalty.md) _Context: adultery_
7. [Police in India are investigating the death of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of Shashi Tharoor, after she had accused her husband of committing adultery with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar. ](/news/2014/01/20/police-in-india-are-investigating-the-death-of-sunanda-pushkar-wife-of-shashi-tharoor-after-she-had-accused-her-husband-of-committing-adul.md) _Context: adultery_
8. [U.S. Army Judge Colonel Tara Osborn rules that the Fort Hood Massacre gunman Nidal Malik Hassan cannot claim as a part of his defense that he was defending the Taliban. ](/news/2013/06/14/u-s-army-judge-colonel-tara-osborn-rules-that-the-fort-hood-massacre-gunman-nidal-malik-hassan-cannot-claim-as-a-part-of-his-defense-that-h.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
9. [A decorated combat veteran of the Iraq War and United States Military Academy (West Point) U.S. Army staff member, Sgt. 1st Class Michael McClendon, is relieved of his duties for allegedly planting cameras to spy on female cadets. ](/news/2013/05/22/a-decorated-combat-veteran-of-the-iraq-war-and-united-states-military-academy-west-point-u-s-army-staff-member-sgt-1st-class-michael-mc.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
10. [An Iranian judiciary official says that Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani could be spared execution by stoning for murder, manslaughter, and adultery, pointing out that ambiguities remain in her case. ](/news/2011/01/3/an-iranian-judiciary-official-says-that-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-could-be-spared-execution-by-stoning-for-murder-manslaughter-and-adulte.md) _Context: adultery_
