### [2005-04-7](/news/2005/04/7/index.md)

#  A Palestinian-fired Qassam rocket hits a cemetery in the Israeli town of Sderot, causing minimal damage and no injuries. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz says Israel will not let it pass and criticises the PA's lack of action. This is the first rocket fired inside the carrot-shaped "Green line" since late January. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4419751.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4420875.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562313.html)
4. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562460.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz announces that private homes in the Gaza strip settlements will not be demolished after the disengagement plan. Religious structures such as synagogues, Mikveh baths and cemeteries will be dismantled and transferred inside the "Green line". ](/news/2005/04/8/israeli-defence-minister-shaul-mofaz-announces-that-private-homes-in-the-gaza-strip-settlements-will-not-be-demolished-after-the-disengagem.md) _Context: Green line, Shaul Mofaz, cemetery_
2. [Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. ](/news/2013/04/2/palestinian-prisoners-stage-protests-in-israeli-jails-as-the-palestinian-authority-accuses-israel-of-deliberately-delaying-the-treatment-of.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Palestinian, Qassam rocket_
4. [ Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-court-in-sderot-more-than-fifteen-rockets-land-in-israeli-t.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
5. [ Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-damage-in-residential-areas-but-no-casualties-israel-air-fo.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
6. [ A Palestinian girl is critically wounded when a Qassam rocket launched by Palestenian militants hits her home in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/10/a-palestinian-girl-is-critically-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-launched-by-palestenian-militants-hits-her-home-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Palestinian, Qassam rocket_
7. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
8. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Palestinian, Sderot_
9. [ The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.](/news/2006/06/18/the-israeli-town-of-sderot-shuts-down-for-24-hours-in-protest-of-continuing-qassam-rocket-attacks-more-than-six-hundred-qassam-rockets-wer.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
10. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
