### [2005-04-7](/news/2005/04/7/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian-fired Qassam rocket hits a cemetery in the Israeli town of Sderot, causing minimal damage and no injuries. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz says Israel will not let it pass and criticises the PA's lack of action. This is the first rocket fired inside the carrot-shaped "Green line" since late January. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4420875.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562313.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562460.html)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4419751.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-dama.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz announces that private homes in the Gaza strip settlements will not be demolished after the disengagement plan. Religious structures such as synagogues, Mikveh baths and cemeteries will be dismantled and transferred inside the "Green line". ](/news/2005/04/8/israeli-defence-minister-shaul-mofaz-announces-that-private-homes-in-the-gaza-strip-settlements-will-not-be-demolished-after-the-disengagem.md) _Context: Green line, Shaul Mofaz, cemetery_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. ](/news/2005/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-releases-500-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill-to-the-palestinian-authority-and-to-its.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
7. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. ](/news/2013/04/2/palestinian-prisoners-stage-protests-in-israeli-jails-as-the-palestinian-authority-accuses-israel-of-deliberately-delaying-the-treatment-of.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Palestinian, Qassam rocket_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Authority_
