### [2011-12-23](/news/2011/12/23/index.md)

# A series of large aftershocks from the 22 February earthquake &ndash; the largest registering magnitude 6.0 &ndash; strike the city of Christchurch, New Zealand. 

A series of earthquakes have terrified many already-frazzled Christchurch residents this afternoon, starting with a 5.8 magnitude tremor at 1.58pm. - New Zealand Herald


### Source:

1. [New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=10775043)

### Related:

1. [Anglican Church officials in Christchurch, New Zealand, announce that the 131-year-old landmark ChristChurch Cathedral will need to be demolished, having suffered severe damage from the 2011 Christchurch earthquake and its aftershocks. ](/news/2012/03/2/anglican-church-officials-in-christchurch-new-zealand-announce-that-the-131-year-old-landmark-christchurch-cathedral-will-need-to-be-demol.md) _Context: 2011 Christchurch earthquake, Christchurch, New Zealand_
2. [Thousands of people in the New Zealand city of Christchurch commemorate the first anniversary of the earthquake that killed 185 people last year. ](/news/2012/02/22/thousands-of-people-in-the-new-zealand-city-of-christchurch-commemorate-the-first-anniversary-of-the-earthquake-that-killed-185-people-last.md) _Context: 2011 Christchurch earthquake, Christchurch, New Zealand_
3. [The City Council in the New Zealand city of Christchurch announces plans to rebuild its central business district after the recent earthquake. ](/news/2011/08/11/the-city-council-in-the-new-zealand-city-of-christchurch-announces-plans-to-rebuild-its-central-business-district-after-the-recent-earthquak.md) _Context: 2011 Christchurch earthquake, Christchurch, New Zealand_
4. [Prince William of Wales visits Christchurch, New Zealand, to inspect relief efforts for the 2011 Christchurch earthquake. ](/news/2011/03/17/prince-william-of-wales-visits-christchurch-new-zealand-to-inspect-relief-efforts-for-the-2011-christchurch-earthquake.md) _Context: 2011 Christchurch earthquake, Christchurch, New Zealand_
5. [At least eight homes are destroyed as a wildfire rages out of control in the Port Hills, in the southern outskirts of Christchurch, New Zealand. A pilot died when his helicopter crashed while fighting the fire. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-least-eight-homes-are-destroyed-as-a-wildfire-rages-out-of-control-in-the-port-hills-in-the-southern-outskirts-of-christchurch-new-zeal.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand_
6. [2016 Kaikoura earthquake: A 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes north of Christchurch, New Zealand, in the early hours Monday, triggering tsunami warnings and causing widespread damage. At least two people are reported killed. ](/news/2016/11/14/2016-kaikoura-earthquake-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-north-of-christchurch-new-zealand-in-the-early-hours-monday-triggering-tsuna.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand_
7. [2016 Christchurch earthquake: The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/2016-christchurch-earthquake-the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-joh.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand_
8. [100 km/h winds spark a scrub fire near the Christchurch suburb of Hornby in New Zealand destroying two homes with several others damaged. ](/news/2015/02/4/100-km-h-winds-spark-a-scrub-fire-near-the-christchurch-suburb-of-hornby-in-new-zealand-destroying-two-homes-with-several-others-damaged.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand_
9. [A New Zealand Royal Commission finds that the CTV Building that collapsed during the 2011 Christchurch earthquake killing 115 people was poorly designed and built and should not have received a building permit. ](/news/2012/12/10/a-new-zealand-royal-commission-finds-that-the-ctv-building-that-collapsed-during-the-2011-christchurch-earthquake-killing-115-people-was-poo.md) _Context: 2011 Christchurch earthquake, New Zealand_
10. [The New Zealand Department of Building and Housing issues a report saying that the CTV Building that collapsed during the 2011 Christchurch earthquake killing 115 people did not meet relevant building standards when it was built in 1986. ](/news/2012/02/9/the-new-zealand-department-of-building-and-housing-issues-a-report-saying-that-the-ctv-building-that-collapsed-during-the-2011-christchurch.md) _Context: 2011 Christchurch earthquake, New Zealand_
