### [2013-11-5](/news/2013/11/5/index.md)

# American rapper DMX is arrested in South Carolina for driving with a suspended licence, and without a vehicle tag or insurance. 

Rapper DMX, whose real name is EarlSimmons, was arrested outside a South Carolina airport onMonday for driving with a suspended license and without avehicle tag and insurance, according to the Spartanburg CountyDetention Center.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/05/usa-rapper-arrest-idUSL2N0IQ0LL20131105)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
2. [The Oklahoma Department of Corrections says a drone carrying mobile phones, drugs, and hacksaw blades crashed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester before inmates could grab the contraband. This is fourth reported drone-attempt in the United States; the others were at prisons in Ohio, Maryland, and South Carolina. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-oklahoma-department-of-corrections-says-a-drone-carrying-mobile-phones-drugs-and-hacksaw-blades-crashed-at-the-oklahoma-state-penitent.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
3. [Nikki Haley wins the Republican Party primary to be the Republican candidate in the South Carolina gubernatorial election in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/22/nikki-haley-wins-the-republican-party-primary-to-be-the-republican-candidate-in-the-south-carolina-gubernatorial-election-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
4. [ US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" ](/news/2009/09/9/us-representative-joe-wilson-r-sc-interrupts-president-barack-obama-s-health-care-speech-to-the-congress-with-an-audible-shout-of-you-li.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
5. [ Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http://www.theage.com.au/world/hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-http-www-theage-com-au.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
6. [ Nine firefighters are killed in a collapse at a furniture warehouse blaze in Charleston, South Carolina, the largest loss of firefighters in the United States in one incident since the collapse of the World Trade Center in 2001.](/news/2007/06/18/nine-firefighters-are-killed-in-a-collapse-at-a-furniture-warehouse-blaze-in-charleston-south-carolina-the-largest-loss-of-firefighters-i.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: United States_
