### [2013-11-5](/news/2013/11/5/index.md)

# Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.




### Related:

1. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: Bill de Blasio, Mayor_
2. [Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-ex-port-authority-executive-bill.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
3. [Democratic Governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe is being investigated by federal prosecutors over campaign contributions, including a foreign contribution from a Chinese businessman, and what they consider to be "suspicious personal finances", as part of a public integrity probe that has lasted for more than a year, according to officials. The United States Department of Justice would not confirm or deny the investigation. ](/news/2016/05/23/democratic-governor-of-virginia-terry-mcauliffe-is-being-investigated-by-federal-prosecutors-over-campaign-contributions-including-a-foreig.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe_
4. [In the United States, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order restoring the rights of an estimated 200,000 convicted felons to vote and run for office. ](/news/2016/04/22/in-the-united-states-virginia-governor-terry-mcauliffe-signs-an-executive-order-restoring-the-rights-of-an-estimated-200-000-convicted-felo.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe_
5. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
6. [ New Jersey governor Chris Christie formally announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/06/30/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nomination-for-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
7. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is sued for his role on "Bridgegate". ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-is-sued-for-his-role-on-bridgegate.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
8. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie apologizes for his senior aides intentionally causing a traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in September 2013. ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-apologizes-for-his-senior-aides-intentionally-causing-a-traffic-jam-on-the-george-washington-bridge-for-p.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
9. [Bill de Blasio is sworn in as the 109th Mayor of New York City. ](/news/2014/01/1/bill-de-blasio-is-sworn-in-as-the-109th-mayor-of-new-york-city.md) _Context: Bill de Blasio, Mayor_
10. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/3/sen-frank-lautenberg-dies-89-new-jersey-democrat-w/ "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
