### [2013-11-5](/news/2013/11/5/index.md)

# Rival militias battle each other in firefights on the streets of Tripoli. No deaths are reported despite the use of rocket-propelled grenades and anti-aircraft artillery by the combatants. 

Libyan militia fighters on the government payroll fought each other with rifles, grenades and anti-aircraft weapons on the streets of Tripoli on Tuesday in the worst clashes in the capital in weeks.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/05/us-libya-security-idUSBRE9A40S920131105)

### Related:

1. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: Tripoli_
2. [A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-is-attacked-by-unidenti.md) _Context: Tripoli_
3. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Tripoli_
4. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: Tripoli_
5. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Tripoli_
6. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Tripoli_
7. [The United Nations-backed Libyan Presidential Council arrives in Tripoli despite warnings by hardliners opposed to any unity government that they will attempt to keep them out of the city. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-nations-backed-libyan-presidential-council-arrives-in-tripoli-despite-warnings-by-hardliners-opposed-to-any-unity-government-that.md) _Context: Tripoli_
8. [Blasts and gunfire are reported in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/03/30/blasts-and-gunfire-are-reported-in-tripoli.md) _Context: Tripoli_
9. [Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that-would-bring-about-a.md) _Context: Tripoli_
10. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Tripoli_
