### [2013-11-5](/news/2013/11/5/index.md)

# SAC Capital Advisors pleads guilty to insider trading and wire fraud and agrees to pay $1.8 billion in penalties to the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-11-04/sac-agrees-to-plead-guilty-to-end-insider-trading-case.html)

### Related:

1. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: United States, wire fraud_
2. [Federal prosecutors in the United States charge seven people with insider trading in shares of computer firm Dell Inc., alleging that the ring made a criminal profit of nearly $62 million. ](/news/2012/01/18/federal-prosecutors-in-the-united-states-charge-seven-people-with-insider-trading-in-shares-of-computer-firm-dell-inc-alleging-that-the-ri.md) _Context: United States, insider trading_
3. [Don Chu, an executive of a hedge fund networking fund Primary Global Research, is arrested on insider trading charges in the United States. ](/news/2010/11/24/don-chu-an-executive-of-a-hedge-fund-networking-fund-primary-global-research-is-arrested-on-insider-trading-charges-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, insider trading_
4. [Former Countrywide Financial Chief Executive Officer Angelo Mozilo and two other senior executives agree to settle United States Securities and Exchange Commission claims that they misled investors and of insider trading. ](/news/2010/10/15/former-countrywide-financial-chief-executive-officer-angelo-mozilo-and-two-other-senior-executives-agree-to-settle-united-states-securities.md) _Context: United States, insider trading_
5. [ Sir David Li resigns from the Executive Council of Hong Kong following a United States Securities Exchange Commission investigation of insider trading in Dow Jones. ](/news/2008/02/17/sir-david-li-resigns-from-the-executive-council-of-hong-kong-following-a-united-states-securities-exchange-commission-investigation-of-insi.md) _Context: United States, insider trading_
6. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
8. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
