### [2013-11-5](/news/2013/11/5/index.md)

# Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]: Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.: Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.: Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.




### Related:

1. [Felony disenfranchisement: In the United States, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order restoring the rights of an estimated 200,000 convicted felons to vote and run for office. ](/news/2016/04/22/felony-disenfranchisement-in-the-united-states-virginia-governor-terry-mcauliffe-signs-an-executive-order-restoring-the-rights-of-an-estim.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, United States_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
3. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/3/sen-frank-lautenberg-dies-89-new-jersey-democrat-w/ "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
4. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
5. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. ](/news/2009/01/4/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-virginia-governor-tim-kaine-to-be-the-democratic-national-committee-s-next-chairperson.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States, Virginia_
6. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States, Virginia_
7. [Politics of New Jersey: Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-new-jersey-amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
8. [New Jersey gubernatorial election, 2017: American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/new-jersey-gubernatorial-election-2017-american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumben.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
9. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: Bill de Blasio, Mayor_
10. [Fort Lee lane closure scandal: Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/fort-lee-lane-closure-scandal-two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-e.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
