### [2004-11-18](/news/2004/11/18/index.md)

#  Three Egyptian paramilitary security officers stationed at the Sinai-Gaza border are killed by Israeli tank fire, after IDF troops allegedly mistook them for Palestinian terrorists or militants. The Egyptian government accepts an apology from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and demands an investigation on the incident. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4021461.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/503304.html)
3. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=578&e=3&u=/nm/20041118/ts_nm/mideast_israel_egypt_dc)

### Related:

1. [ Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2005/01/13/palestinian-militants-explode-a-truck-laden-with-explosives-in-the-karni-crossing-in-the-eastern-gaza-strip-at-least-6-israelis-were-kille.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian, militants_
2. [ The Israeli senior commander in the Gaza Strip, Brig. Gen. Shmuel Zakai, resigns amid allegations of telling the press Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered to increase Operation Days of Penitence on Day 14 while the army considered the operation extracted itself. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-israeli-senior-commander-in-the-gaza-strip-brig-gen-shmuel-zakai-resigns-amid-allegations-of-telling-the-press-prime-minister-ariel.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Israeli Defence Force_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Israeli Defence Force_
4. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Sinai Peninsula_
7. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Palestinian militants fire rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel severely injuring an elder. Israel launches a missile strike in return, killing two Palestinians. ](/news/2012/06/23/palestinian-militants-fire-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-severely-injuring-an-elder-israel-launches-a-missile-strike-in-return-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Two Palestinians held in Israeli prisons are reportedly close to death, having refused to eat for 74 days. A further 1,600 prisoners have been on hunger strike since 17 April. Leaders of the strikers wait for a response from the Israeli Prison Service to calls for negotiation on issues such as the allowing of family visits for prisoners from Gaza and the ending of the use of extended solitary confinement. ](/news/2012/05/12/two-palestinians-held-in-israeli-prisons-are-reportedly-close-to-death-having-refused-to-eat-for-74-days-a-further-1-600-prisoners-have-be.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian clashes subside as a truce between Israel and Palestinians militants in the Gaza Strip comes into effect. ](/news/2012/03/13/israeli-palestinian-clashes-subside-as-a-truce-between-israel-and-palestinians-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
