### [2016-03-11](/news/2016/03/11/index.md)

# 2016 SGBPo Paulo flood and mudslide. At least 15 people are killed by flooding and mudslides in and around SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, following heavy rain. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/floods-and-mudslides-kill/2594738.html)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
2. [Two people die after a crane collapses in the Arena Corinthians in the Brazilian city SGBPo Paulo which is due to host the opening ceremony of the 2014 World Cup. Parts of the grandstands also collapse. ](/news/2013/11/27/two-people-die-after-a-crane-collapses-in-the-arena-corinthians-in-the-brazilian-city-sagbpo-paulo-which-is-due-to-host-the-opening-ceremony.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
3. [Fernando Haddad is elected mayor of SGBPo Paulo, giving the governing Workers' Party control of Brazil's financial capital and biggest city. ](/news/2012/10/29/fernando-haddad-is-elected-mayor-of-sagbpo-paulo-giving-the-governing-workers-party-control-of-brazil-s-financial-capital-and-biggest-city.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
4. [A fire at the Butantan Institute in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, destroys its entire collection of preserved snakes-the world's largest-and nearly half a million arachnid specimens, including many novel and yet-unclassified species. ](/news/2010/05/15/a-fire-at-the-butantan-institute-in-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-destroys-its-entire-collection-of-preserved-snakes-the-world-s-largest-and-nea.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
5. [ Jenson Button wins the 2009 Formula One World Championship in Interlagos, SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, by finishing fifth in the 2009 Brazilian Grand Prix.](/news/2009/10/18/jenson-button-wins-the-2009-formula-one-world-championship-in-interlagos-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-by-finishing-fifth-in-the-2009-brazilian-gr.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
6. [ The roof of the Born Again in Christ Church in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, collapses, killing nine worshippers and injuring more than one hundred others. ](/news/2009/01/18/the-roof-of-the-born-again-in-christ-church-in-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-collapses-killing-nine-worshippers-and-injuring-more-than-one-hundred.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
7. [ TAM Linhas Aereas Flight 3054 carrying 186 people crashes in Congonhas International Airport, SGBPo Paulo, Brazil. The death toll is estimated to be at least 200 people. ](/news/2007/07/17/tam-linhas-aa-c-reas-flight-3054-carrying-186-people-crashes-in-congonhas-international-airport-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-the-death-toll-is-esti.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush departs on a tour of Latin America that will take him to Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Guatemala and Mexico. Upon arrival in SGBPo Paulo he is greeted with protest demonstrations. ](/news/2007/03/8/u-s-president-george-w-bush-departs-on-a-tour-of-latin-america-that-will-take-him-to-brazil-uruguay-colombia-guatemala-and-mexico-upo.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
9. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
