### [2016-03-11](/news/2016/03/11/index.md)

# A new United Nations report on  South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends  the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. 

The report alleges that government forces are permitted to rape women in lieu of wages.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/un-cites-horrendous-human-rights-situation-in-south-sudan/2016/03/11/d25f22ca-e76c-11e5-a9ce-681055c7a05f_story.html)
2. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/south-sudan-human-rights-violations-horrendous-un-435904)

### Related:

1. [The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-state-south-sudan-with-1.md) _Context: South Sudan, United Nations_
2. [Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government-of-interfering-in-the-cour.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [A United Nations human rights commission in South Sudan claims a "steady process of ethnic cleansing is underway" in the war-torn nation. ](/news/2016/12/1/a-united-nations-human-rights-commission-in-south-sudan-claims-a-steady-process-of-ethnic-cleansing-is-underway-in-the-war-torn-nation.md) _Context: South Sudan, United Nations_
4. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the  U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
5. [Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. ](/news/2016/10/17/clashes-between-government-troops-and-rebels-in-south-sudan-leave-at-least-56-people-killed.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes.  ](/news/2016/07/13/the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-help-evacuate-non-essential-e.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [A United Nations commission of inquiry says that Eritrea should be referred to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity committed in the country, including the enslavement of between 300,000 and 400,000 people through military conscription. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-united-nations-commission-of-inquiry-says-that-eritrea-should-be-referred-to-the-international-criminal-court-for-alleged-crimes-against-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations announces that peacekeepers in the country will be sent home over a "lack of responsiveness" during an attack on a UN-run refugee camp last February in Malakal that killed at least 40 people. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-announces-that-peacekeepers-in-the-country-will-be-sent-home-over-a-lack-of-responsiveness-during-an-attack-on-a-un-run.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War, United Nations_
9. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
10. [U.S. Special Envoy to South Sudan Donald E. Booth said that the United States would consider imposing sanctions or an arms embargo on South Sudan's leaders if they fail to form and cooperate in a proposed unity government to end the country's civil war. ](/news/2016/04/28/u-s-special-envoy-to-south-sudan-donald-e-booth-said-that-the-united-states-would-consider-imposing-sanctions-or-an-arms-embargo-on-south.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
