### [2016-03-11](/news/2016/03/11/index.md)

# At least 15 people are killed by flooding and mudslides in and around SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, following heavy rain. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/floods-and-mudslides-kill/2594738.html)

### Related:

1. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
2. [Two people die after a crane collapses in the Arena Corinthians in the Brazilian city SGBPo Paulo which is due to host the opening ceremony of the 2014 World Cup. Parts of the grandstands also collapse. ](/news/2013/11/27/two-people-die-after-a-crane-collapses-in-the-arena-corinthians-in-the-brazilian-city-sagbpo-paulo-which-is-due-to-host-the-opening-ceremony.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
3. [Fernando Haddad is elected mayor of SGBPo Paulo, giving the governing Workers' Party control of Brazil's financial capital and biggest city. ](/news/2012/10/29/fernando-haddad-is-elected-mayor-of-sagbpo-paulo-giving-the-governing-workers-party-control-of-brazil-s-financial-capital-and-biggest-city.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
4. [A fire at the Butantan Institute in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, destroys its entire collection of preserved snakes--the world's largest--and nearly half a million arachnid specimens, including many novel and yet-unclassified species. ](/news/2010/05/15/a-fire-at-the-butantan-institute-in-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-destroys-its-entire-collection-of-preserved-snakesathe-world-s-largestaand-nea.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
5. [ Jenson Button wins the 2009 Formula One World Championship in Interlagos, SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, by finishing fifth in the 2009 Brazilian Grand Prix.](/news/2009/10/18/jenson-button-wins-the-2009-formula-one-world-championship-in-interlagos-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-by-finishing-fifth-in-the-2009-brazilian-gr.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
6. [ The roof of the Born Again in Christ Church in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, collapses, killing nine worshippers and injuring more than one hundred others. ](/news/2009/01/18/the-roof-of-the-born-again-in-christ-church-in-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-collapses-killing-nine-worshippers-and-injuring-more-than-one-hundred.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
7. [ TAM Linhas Aereas Flight 3054 carrying 186 people crashes in Congonhas International Airport, SGBPo Paulo, Brazil. The death toll is estimated to be at least 200 people. ](/news/2007/07/17/tam-linhas-aa-c-reas-flight-3054-carrying-186-people-crashes-in-congonhas-international-airport-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-the-death-toll-is-esti.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush departs on a tour of Latin America that will take him to Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Guatemala and Mexico. Upon arrival in SGBPo Paulo he is greeted with protest demonstrations. ](/news/2007/03/8/u-s-president-george-w-bush-departs-on-a-tour-of-latin-america-that-will-take-him-to-brazil-uruguay-colombia-guatemala-and-mexico-upo.md) _Context: Brazil, SGBPo Paulo_
9. [ Brazilian prosecutor Rodrigo Janot files charges in the Supreme Court against officials in President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party accusing them of forming a criminal organization. Earlier the Court said, next week, it will consider Temer's request to block Janot from issuing further charges. ](/news/2017/09/8/brazilian-prosecutor-rodrigo-janot-files-charges-in-the-supreme-court-against-officials-in-president-michel-temeras-brazilian-democratic.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Brazil_
