### [2016-03-11](/news/2016/03/11/index.md)

# Japan-s emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/03/11/world/asia/ap-as-japan-tsunami-anniversary.html)

### Related:

1. [Japan's economy shrinks by 0.3% in the April-June quarter confirming the country is in a recession caused in part by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and subsequent Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2011/08/15/japan-s-economy-shrinks-by-0-3-in-the-april-june-quarter-confirming-the-country-is-in-a-recession-caused-in-part-by-the-2011-tahoku-earthq.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan, an earthquake and tsunami_
2. [Two of the reactors damaged in the March earthquake and tsunami at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan may be riddled with holes, according to the facility's owner, Tokyo Electric Power Co. ](/news/2011/05/25/two-of-the-reactors-damaged-in-the-march-earthquake-and-tsunami-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-in-japan-may-be-riddled-with-ho.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan, an earthquake and tsunami_
3. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster: According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-dai.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, an earthquake and tsunami_
4. [Japan-United States relations: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
5. [Emperor Akihito of Japan says he intends to lessen his official duties due to old age. ](/news/2016/08/8/emperor-akihito-of-japan-says-he-intends-to-lessen-his-official-duties-due-to-old-age.md) _Context: Emperor, Japan_
6. [Japan-South Korea relations: Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
7. [Australia-Japan relations: In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
8. [Economy of Japan: The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/economy-of-japan-the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
9. [Japan's Sendai Nuclear Power Plant in Satsumasendai in Kagoshima Prefecture on Kyushu restarts reactor no. 1. This is the first of 50-plus shut-down nuclear reactors to go back online since the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. The problems discovered in the reactor model after the disaster have not been fixed. ](/news/2015/08/11/japan-s-sendai-nuclear-power-plant-in-satsumasendai-in-kagoshima-prefecture-on-kyushu-restarts-reactor-no-1-this-is-the-first-of-50-plus-s.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
10. [Japan approves a thirty-to-forty year plan to clean up the site of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2015/06/12/japan-approves-a-thirty-to-forty-year-plan-to-clean-up-the-site-of-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
