### [2016-03-11](/news/2016/03/11/index.md)

# Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, orders the country to conduct more tests of nuclear weapons to improve its capacity. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3486979/North-Korean-leader-Kim-orders-nuclear-tests-KCNA.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states  the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-states-the-country-has-miniaturized-nuclear-warhe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, leader_
2. [North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-test-and-test-launch-ballistic-missiles-capabl.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, leader_
3. [Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
4. [North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions-on-its-leader-kim-jong-un-over-human-r.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
5. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession-of-a-hydrogen-bomb-according-to-north-korea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [Mongolian president Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj visits North Korea and becomes the first head of state to meet with Kim Jong-un since Kim's taking office as Supreme Leader. ](/news/2013/10/30/mongolian-president-tsakhiagiin-elbegdorj-visits-north-korea-and-becomes-the-first-head-of-state-to-meet-with-kim-jong-un-since-kim-s-taking.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
7. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, leads thousands of officials in a memorial service for his father Kim Jong-il, the former leader, who died on 17 December 2011. ](/news/2012/12/16/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-leads-thousands-of-officials-in-a-memorial-service-for-his-father-kim-jong-il-the-former-leader-wh.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
8. [Kim Jong-un is acknowledged as the new supreme leader of North Korea at the conclusion of a state funeral for his father. ](/news/2011/12/29/kim-jong-un-is-acknowledged-as-the-new-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-at-the-conclusion-of-a-state-funeral-for-his-father.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
9. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
