### [2016-03-11](/news/2016/03/11/index.md)

# The delegation from Saudi Arabia departed from the meeting of the Arab League, offended by remarks of the Foreign Minister of Iraq, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, an indication of increasing tension among Arab states. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-arabs-idUSKCN0WD1J7)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
2. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/01/4/two-sunni-mosques-are-bombed-in-central-iraq-and-a-muezzin-is-killed-amid-fears-of-renewals-of-sectarian-strife-following-saudi-arabia-s-exe.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Iraq's Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, renewed demands that Turkey fully withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, asserting that Turkey must respect Iraq's sovereignty or face potential military action. Last month the Turkish army mounted a big offensive invasion into Iraq's Kurdish territory including tanks and artillery without permission or even negotiation with the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/12/30/iraq-s-foreign-minister-ibrahim-al-jaafari-renewed-demands-that-turkey-fully-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-asserting-that-turkey.md) _Context: Ibrahim al-Jaafari, Iraq_
5. [About 100 men in more than 50 machine gun-mounted trucks kidnap at least 26 Qataris, including members of the royal family, from a hunting camp in Iraq near the Saudi border. ](/news/2015/12/16/about-100-men-in-more-than-50-machine-gun-mounted-trucks-kidnap-at-least-26-qataris-including-members-of-the-royal-family-from-a-hunting-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Two militants, one wearing a suicide vest, kill two Saudi Arabian border guards and a general near the border with Iraq. ](/news/2015/01/5/two-militants-one-wearing-a-suicide-vest-kill-two-saudi-arabian-border-guards-and-a-general-near-the-border-with-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Saudi Arabia deploys 30,000 soldiers to its border with Iraq after Iraqi government forces withdrew from the area. ](/news/2014/07/3/saudi-arabia-deploys-30-000-soldiers-to-its-border-with-iraq-after-iraqi-government-forces-withdrew-from-the-area.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ The Government of Saudi Arabia announces plans to build a separation barrier between Saudi Arabia and Iraq. The barrier will cost $12 billion to build. ](/news/2006/12/15/the-government-of-saudi-arabia-announces-plans-to-build-a-separation-barrier-between-saudi-arabia-and-iraq-the-barrier-will-cost-12-billi.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
9. [ U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/12/18/u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-on-a-trip-to-various-countries-including-oman-afghanistan-pakistan-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-he-made-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
10. [ The UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, makes a surprise visit to Iraq and expresses support for an Arab League conference discussing cooperation with Iraq's many factions. ](/news/2005/11/12/the-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-expresses-support-for-an-arab-league-conference-discussing-cooperat.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
