### [2002-12-30](/news/2002/12/30/index.md)

# A tanker, the ''Amazonian Explorer'', arrived in Puerto la Cruz, Venezuela, 200 kilometers east of Caracas, the capital.  President Hugo Chavez traveled to the port to supervise the unloading of {{convert|525000|oilbbl|m3}} of gasoline.  Gasoline is restricted due to a strike at Petroleos de Venezuela SA (PdVSA), the state-owned oil company, which is aimed at forcing President Chavez to call early elections.




### Related:

1. [Death of Hugo Chavez:Hugo Chavez, the President of Venezuela, dies in office at the age of 58 in the capital, Caracas. ](/news/2013/03/5/death-of-hugo-cha-vez-phugo-cha-vez-the-president-of-venezuela-dies-in-office-at-the-age-of-58-in-the-capital-caracas.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela_
2. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez partially reverses a decision to ration electricity in the country a day after it was announced, saying it was having "undesirable effects" on the population. Thus, Caracas residents won't have power cuts anymore. ](/news/2010/01/14/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-partially-reverses-a-decision-to-ration-electricity-in-the-country-a-day-after-it-was-announced-saying-it.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela_
3. [ Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez  sign eight accords in Caracas following the weekend's second ASA summit. ](/news/2009/09/28/libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sign-eight-accords-in-caracas-following-the-weekend-s-second-asa-su.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela_
4. [Opposition protesters blockaded highways in and around the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, angered by President Hugo Chavez's resolve to hang on to power, called for an escalation in its campaign to remove him.](/news/2002/12/16/opposition-protesters-blockaded-highways-in-and-around-the-venezuelan-capital-of-caracas-angered-by-president-hugo-cha-vez-s-resolve-to-han.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
8. [Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-death-in-the-protests.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas, Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable  has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998.  There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat-legislature-from-the-ruling-socialists.md) _Context: Hugo Chávez, Venezuela_
