### [2002-12-30](/news/2002/12/30/index.md)

# The Israeli Supreme Court rules that reservists may not refuse to serve in the West Bank or Gaza because of their objection to Israeli government policies.  The Court ruled "the recognition of selective conscientious objection might loosen the links that hold us together as a people."




### Related:

1. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
2. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
3. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
4. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
5. [Israel allegedly confiscates seven oxygen machines en route to hospitals in the West Bank and Gaza as they "came under the category of possible use for non-medical purposes". The Palestinian Ministry of Health asks for the Norwegian Development Agency that donated them to assist in calling for their return. ](/news/2010/06/26/israel-allegedly-confiscates-seven-oxygen-machines-en-route-to-hospitals-in-the-west-bank-and-gaza-as-they-came-under-the-category-of-possi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-beh.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
8. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of {{Nowrap|$50 million}} tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. [http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=uri:2006-02-17T153806Z_01_L17580155_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&pageNumber=0&summit= (Reuters)] [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=WKHG&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (AP)].](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
