### [2003-08-15](/news/2003/08/15/index.md)

#  Libya formally accepts responsibility for the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103. It consists of general language that lacks expression of remorse for lives lost. Although some claim the acceptance is just a business deal and not a true admission of guilt.




### Related:

1. [Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, the former Libyan intelligence officer convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, dies at his home in the Libyan capital of Tripoli at the age of 60. ](/news/2012/05/20/abdelbaset-al-megrahi-the-former-libyan-intelligence-officer-convicted-of-the-1988-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-over-lockerbie-scotland-d.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
2. [The father of one of those killed in the 1988 Pan Am Flight 103 bombing travels to Libya to meet Abdelbaset al-Megrahi; he considers Megrahi to be innocent and calls for an inquiry. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-father-of-one-of-those-killed-in-the-1988-pan-am-flight-103-bombing-travels-to-libya-to-meet-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-he-considers-megrahi.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
3. [ U.S. President Barack Obama condemns Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi's homecoming in Libya. ](/news/2009/08/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-condemns-lockerbie-bomber-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-s-homecoming-in-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
4. [ Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, convicted of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie in 1988, is released on compassionate grounds due to terminal cancer, and boards a flight to Libya. ](/news/2009/08/20/abdelbaset-al-megrahi-convicted-of-the-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-over-lockerbie-in-1988-is-released-on-compassionate-grounds-due-to-te.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
5. [ Lawyers for the Lockerbie bomber, Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, say he is abandoning his second appeal against his conviction for the December 1988 attack as Scottish officials consider his request to be sent home to Libya. ](/news/2009/08/14/lawyers-for-the-lockerbie-bomber-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-say-he-is-abandoning-his-second-appeal-against-his-conviction-for-the-december-198.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
6. [ Former Libyan intelligence agent Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, convicted of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, wins a case for an appeal in the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission. ](/news/2007/06/28/former-libyan-intelligence-agent-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-convicted-of-the-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-wins-a-case-for-an-appeal-in-the-sco.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
7. [ In the Netherlands a Scottish court convicts a Libyan and acquits another for their part in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 which crashed into Lockerbie, Scotland, in 1988.](/news/2001/01/31/in-the-netherlands-a-scottish-court-convicts-a-libyan-and-acquits-another-for-their-part-in-the-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-which-crashed.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
8. [ Two Libyans suspected of bringing down Pan Am flight 103 in 1988 are handed over to Scottish authorities for eventual trial in the Netherlands. The United Nations suspends sanctions against Libya](/news/1999/04/5/two-libyans-suspected-of-bringing-down-pan-am-flight-103-in-1988-are-handed-over-to-scottish-authorities-for-eventual-trial-in-the-netherla.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
9. [The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Libya_
