### [2010-09-1](/news/2010/09/1/index.md)

# A trade agreement between Australia and the European Union comes into effect stopping Australian wine being marketed using terms such as champagne and port. 

A new deal will ban Australian imitation champagne and sherry from the EU - but Australia welcomes simplified wine labels.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11150057)
2. [ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/rural/news/content/201009/s2999289.htm)
3. [People's Daily](http://english.people.com.cn/90001/90778/90858/90865/7124752.html)

### Related:

1. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Australia, European Union_
2. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) is opened in Abuja, Nigeria, by Queen Elizabeth II. The future of Zimbabwe's membership is threatening to dominate the gathering. The debate has been marked by bitter personal polemics between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom Mugabe accuses of leading an "Anglo-Saxon conspiracy" against Zimbabwe. Mugabe himself is barred from entering the European Union. Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth last year on charges that Mugabe had rigged his re-election in 2002. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/politics/story.jsp?story=470202][http://news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,8088518%5E401,00.html]](/news/2003/12/5/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-chogm-is-opened-in-abuja-nigeria-by-queen-elizabeth-ii-the-future-of-zimbabwe-s-membership.md) _Context: Australia, European Union_
3. [Investigative journalism on court-released internal email reveals that Monsanto influenced scientific research enabling the European Union approval to market glyphosate. ](/news/2017/04/25/investigative-journalism-on-court-released-internal-email-reveals-that-monsanto-influenced-scientific-research-enabling-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union_
4. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [Australia adds stricter requirements to its citizenship application process, including harder tests on English language skills and the requirement that a migrant be able to demonstrate "Australian values". ](/news/2017/04/20/australia-adds-stricter-requirements-to-its-citizenship-application-process-including-harder-tests-on-english-language-skills-and-the-requi.md) _Context: Australia_
6. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: Australia_
7. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union_
