### [2010-09-1](/news/2010/09/1/index.md)

# At least 6 people die as Mozambique police fire rubber bullets as a protest in Maputo over rising food prices turns into a riot. 

At&#x20;least&#x20;four&#x20;people&#x20;have&#x20;died&#x20;in&#x20;protests&amp;nbsp&#x3B;over&#x20;rising&#x20;prices&#x20;in&#x20;Mozambique&amp;&#x23;039&#x3B;s&#x20;capital&#x20;Maputo.&#x20;Another&#x20;27&#x20;more&#x20;were&#x20;wounded&#x20;when&#x20;police&#x20;opened&#x20;fire&#x20;on&#x20;demonstrators,&#x20;though&#x20;police&#x20;deny&#x20;using&#x20;live&#x20;bullets&#x20;on&#x20;the&#x20;crowds.&#x0A;


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/09/201091135823503484.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-11150063)
3. [RFI](http://www.english.rfi.fr/africa/20100901-least-three-die-mozambique-protests)
4. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE6800F520100901)
4. [Cover Image](http://scd.en.rfi.fr/sites/english.filesrfi/imagecache/rfi_16x9_1024_578/sites/images.rfi.fr/files/aef_image/maputoprotests.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Death of Mido Macia: Eight South African policemen are arrested on suspicion of murder after dragging a Mozambican man behind their police van earlier in the week. ](/news/2013/03/1/death-of-mido-macia-eight-south-african-policemen-are-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-after-dragging-a-mozambican-man-behind-their-police-v.md) _Context: Mozambique, police_
2. [ Malagasy crisis talks resume between interim leader Andry Rajoelina, ousted president Marc Ravalomanana and former presidents Didier Ratsiraka and Albert Zafy in Maputo, Mozambique. ](/news/2009/08/6/malagasy-crisis-talks-resume-between-interim-leader-andry-rajoelina-ousted-president-marc-ravalomanana-and-former-presidents-didier-ratsir.md) _Context: Maputo, Mozambique_
3. [ Madagascar's political rivals meet for a second round of talks in Maputo, Mozambique. ](/news/2009/08/25/madagascar-s-political-rivals-meet-for-a-second-round-of-talks-in-maputo-mozambique.md) _Context: Maputo, Mozambique_
4. [ Twelve people are discovered dead in police custody in Nampula Province, Mozambique. ](/news/2009/03/18/twelve-people-are-discovered-dead-in-police-custody-in-nampula-province-mozambique.md) _Context: Mozambique, police_
5. [ Italian riot police clash with hundreds of Chinese merchants in Milan after scuffles break out over traffic problems in Chinatown. ](/news/2007/04/12/italian-riot-police-clash-with-hundreds-of-chinese-merchants-in-milan-after-scuffles-break-out-over-traffic-problems-in-chinatown.md) _Context: police, riot_
6. [ An arms depot explodes in Maputo, Mozambique, killing at least 93 people and injuring hundreds more. ](/news/2007/03/22/an-arms-depot-explodes-in-maputo-mozambique-killing-at-least-93-people-and-injuring-hundreds-more.md) _Context: Maputo, Mozambique_
7. [ The Mozambique presidential election vote count continues in all of the country, with Frelimo and its candidate Armando Guebuza leading, according to the preliminary results already known, and especially in Maputo, Gaza and Inhambane, traditional regions of influence for the party in power. (Wikinews)](/news/2004/12/4/the-mozambique-presidential-election-vote-count-continues-in-all-of-the-country-with-frelimo-and-its-candidate-armando-guebuza-leading-ac.md) _Context: Maputo, Mozambique_
8. [ A riot forms in Puerto Rico between members of the PIP, the FUPI, the Socialist party and members of the police in front of the federal courthouse, where PIP and PNP backers had gathered two days before the outcome of the 2004 Puerto Rican elections was to be decided by a judge. Several people, including seven policemen, are severely injured. [http://vocero.com/noticia.asp?n=50165&d=12/11/2004 ("El Vocero"] {{es icon}}](/news/2004/12/10/a-riot-forms-in-puerto-rico-between-members-of-the-pip-the-fupi-the-socialist-party-and-members-of-the-police-in-front-of-the-federal-cou.md) _Context: police, riot_
9. [ In Oakland, California, police fired rubber bullets and beanbags at anti-war protesters and dockworkers outside the Port, injuring at least a dozen demonstrators and six longshoremen standing nearby. Most of the 500 demonstrators were dispersed peacefully, but a crowd of demonstrators was blocking traffic on private property near the port and fail to disperse after police warnings. Oakland Police Chief said demonstrators also threw objects and bolts at them, and said the use of weapons was necessary to disperse the crowd. He indicated non-lethal projectiles were used to respond to direct illegal action. The longshoremen were caught in the crossfire. A dockworker spokesman reported Police gave two minutes to disperse, then did not move to arrest people, instead they opened fire. Demonstrators also claim though the rubber bullets were supposed to be shot at the ground, the Police took direct aim at them. Oakland police said 31 people were arrested at the port.](/news/2003/04/7/in-oakland-california-police-fired-rubber-bullets-and-beanbags-at-anti-war-protesters-and-dockworkers-outside-the-port-injuring-at-least.md) _Context: police, rubber bullet_
10. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
