### [2010-09-1](/news/2010/09/1/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. 




### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/09/20109123247579469.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/09/01/mideast.peace.talks/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordanian King, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordanian King, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
3. [ U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the resumption of the Middle East peace process in meetings with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/09/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-for-the-resumption-of-the-middle-east-peace-process-in-meetings-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjami.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Middle East, United States President_
4. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, Middle East, Palestinian, United States President_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives in Washington, D.C. for talks with President of the United States Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/07/6/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-in-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
6. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
8. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, President of the Palestinian Authority_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
