### [2010-09-1](/news/2010/09/1/index.md)

# The People's Liberation Army Navy commences artillery exercises in the Yellow Sea in response to those being conducted by South Korea and the United States against North Korea. 

The Chinese navy begins artillery exercises in the Yellow Sea, days before the US and South Korea hold similar manoeuvres there.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-11149923)

### Related:

1. [South Korea states that it will hold more military exercises with the United States following the conclusion of a naval exercise in the Yellow Sea, despite threats from North Korea. ](/news/2010/12/1/south-korea-states-that-it-will-hold-more-military-exercises-with-the-united-states-following-the-conclusion-of-a-naval-exercise-in-the-yell.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, Yellow Sea_
2. [South Korea and the United States cancel a joint naval drill against North Korea in the Yellow Sea, citing its previous anti-submarine training -- held from Sept. 27 to Oct. 1 -- and a desire "not to irritate neighboring countries" ahead of the upcoming 2010 G-20 Seoul summit. ](/news/2010/10/24/south-korea-and-the-united-states-cancel-a-joint-naval-drill-against-north-korea-in-the-yellow-sea-citing-its-previous-anti-submarine-train.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, Yellow Sea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
7. [South Korea-United States relations: American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea-United States relations: Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong says North Korea is ready to halt nuclear tests if the United States suspends its annual military exercises with South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/23/north-korea-united-states-relations-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-says-north-korea-is-ready-to-halt-nuclear-tests-if-the-united-states-suspen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
