### [2004-04-25](/news/2004/04/25/index.md)

#  Abortion in the United States: Hundreds of thousands march in Washington, D.C. to protest President Bush's anti-abortion policies. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/04/25/abortion.protest.ap/index.html)
2. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=04/04/26/1346234)

### Related:

1. [ In observance of Captive Nations Week, there was a brief ceremony and laying of a wreath today at the Victims of Communism Memorial, Massachusetts and New Jersey Avenues, NW, Washington, D.C.. On 10 July, George W. Bush issued a Proclamation, designating July 15 through 21 as Captive Nations Week and called upon the American people to reaffirm the country's "commitment to all those seeking liberty, justice and self-determination." This year marks the 49th observance of Captive Nations Week. ](/news/2007/07/10/in-observance-of-captive-nations-week-there-was-a-brief-ceremony-and-laying-of-a-wreath-today-at-the-victims-of-communism-memorial-massac.md) _Context: District of Columbia, George W. Bush_
2. [ The Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong visits Washington D.C. for talks with the President of the United States George W. Bush about South East Asia. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-prime-minister-of-singapore-lee-hsien-loong-visits-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-abo.md) _Context: District of Columbia, George W. Bush_
3. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: District of Columbia, George W. Bush_
4. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
5. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
6. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
7. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
8. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
