### [2010-10-31](/news/2010/10/31/index.md)

# Afghan President Hamid Karzai denounces a large-scale drug raid in which U.S. forces and Russian drug agents took part, calling it a violation of Afghan sovereignty, even though Afghan police participated. 

Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Saturday denounced a large-scale drug raid in which U.S. forces and Russian drug agents took part, calling it a violation of Afghan sovereignty. The outburst marked...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-afghanistan-karzai-20101031,0,596764.story)

### Related:

1. [An international conference on the future of Afghanistan opens in Kabul co-chaired by the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and the Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon. The conference endorses a goal for Afghan forces to lead security operations across the country by 2014. Afghan President Hamid Karzai suggests raising the size of the Afghan National Army to 170,000 troops and the Afghan National Police to 134,000 officers by 2011. ](/news/2010/07/20/an-international-conference-on-the-future-of-afghanistan-opens-in-kabul-co-chaired-by-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-the-secr.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-sev.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-again.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-ca.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban militants kill eight people, including a police commander, in an ambush in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/04/14/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-kill-eight-people-including-a-police-commander-in-an-ambush-in-northern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's_
7. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Taliban insurgents attack two checkpoints in the Kamdesh District in eastern Afghanistan killing four Afghan police officers ](/news/2013/06/2/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-taliban-insurgents-attack-two-checkpoints-in-the-kamdesh-district-in-eastern-afghanistan-killing-four.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nat.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
10. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
