### [2010-10-31](/news/2010/10/31/index.md)

# Human Rights Watch expresses concern that Iran and Saudi Arabia, which have been criticized for their records on women's rights, are expected to join a new U.N. agency devoted to women and could interfere with the work of the agency. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-1031-rights-women-20101031,0,5279652.story)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia is among twelve countries newly elected to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, despite of the nation's conflicts with women's rights. ](/news/2017/04/25/saudi-arabia-is-among-twelve-countries-newly-elected-to-the-united-nations-commission-on-the-status-of-women-despite-of-the-nation-s-confli.md) _Context: conflicts with women's rights_
2. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
3. [Belgium supports a plan by Dutch minister Lilianne Ploumen to launch a fund compensating worldwide for the United States' newly-reinstated Mexico City policy. ](/news/2017/01/25/belgium-supports-a-plan-by-dutch-minister-lilianne-ploumen-to-launch-a-fund-compensating-worldwide-for-the-united-states-newly-reinstated-m.md) _Context: Women's rights_
4. [Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in-northern-iraq-in-what-may-amount-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
5. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
6. [Indian women's rights activists are barred by angry villagers and local authorities from entering Shani Shingnapur temple despite a court ruling guaranteeing access. Breaking with a centuries-old tradition, the high court in Mumbai ruled women have a fundamental right to enter Hindu temples across the state of Maharashtra, and the government has the responsibility to protect their rights. Bhumata Ranragini Brigade leader Trupti Desai and 25 other supporters were detained by police. All India Mahila Congress President Shobha Oza and Delhi Commission for Women chairwoman Swati Maliwal called the actions of locals and authorities "completely shameful." ](/news/2016/04/2/indian-women-s-rights-activists-are-barred-by-angry-villagers-and-local-authorities-from-entering-shani-shingnapur-temple-despite-a-court-ru.md) _Context: Women's rights_
7. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [Hamas reports it has executed one of its commanders, Mahmoud Eshtewi,  for "moral and behavioral violations."  Human Rights Watch, contacted by Eshtewi's family, had been monitoring the case. ](/news/2016/02/7/hamas-reports-it-has-executed-one-of-its-commanders-mahmoud-eshtewi-for-amoral-and-behavioral-violations-a-human-rights-watch-conta.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [Human Rights Watch (HRW) reports Nigeria's military has quickly buried the corpses of at least 300 Shia Muslims killed during raids at the house of Ibrahim Zakzaky in Zaria earlier in December. ](/news/2015/12/24/human-rights-watch-hrw-reports-nigeriaas-military-has-quickly-buried-the-corpses-of-at-least-300-shia-muslims-killed-during-raids-at-the.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
10. [Human Rights Watch releases a report finding, because of  a language barrier, integration issues, and financial difficulties, more than 400,000 Syrian refugee children in Turkey are not able to attend school despite the  Turkish government allowing them access to the Turkish schooling system. ](/news/2015/11/9/human-rights-watch-releases-a-report-finding-because-of-a-language-barrier-integration-issues-and-financial-difficulties-more-than-400.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
