### [2010-10-31](/news/2010/10/31/index.md)

# The US, UK, France and Germany ban all air freight from Yemen at their respective countries' airports following the discovery of two explosive packages. 

Al-Qaida in Yemen suspected of sending cargo bombs reportedly destined for two Chicago synagogues; two women arrested; UK: Plane may have been target.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=193382)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
3. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France close their Yemeni embassies and evacuate their staff due to terrorist activities and continued unrest. ](/news/2015/02/11/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-close-their-yemeni-embassies-and-evacuate-their-staff-due-to-terrorist-activities-and-continue.md) _Context: Britain, France, United States, Yemen_
4. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
5. [France and Germany follow the United States and United Kingdom in withdrawing civilian staff from Afghan government facilities following the killing of two senior NATO officers. ](/news/2012/02/26/france-and-germany-follow-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-in-withdrawing-civilian-staff-from-afghan-government-facilities-following-the.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
6. [The United Nations Security Council, after the defected Libyan Ambassador to the UN Abdel Rahman Mohamed Shalgam's appeal to act against Muammar Gaddafi's regime escalating violence, being used to crackdown the 2011 Libyan civil war, and following propositions by France, Germany, United Kingdom and the United States, adopts resolution 1970, [http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2011/sc10187.doc.htm (UN press release on UNSC resolution 1970)] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12587078 (BBC)] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12589434 (BBC)] [http://www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast/ (UN Multimedia)]. "All necessary means" enforcement of said resolution, and imposition of a "No-fly zone" over Libya are rejected. These measures will be however included on UNSC resolution 1973 of 17 March 2011.](/news/2011/02/26/the-united-nations-security-council-after-the-defected-libyan-ambassador-to-the-un-abdel-rahman-mohamed-shalgam-s-appeal-to-act-against-mua.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
7. [ Officials from the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China and the United States express "regret" at Iran's refusal to accept nuclear proposals. ](/news/2009/11/20/officials-from-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-russia-china-and-the-united-states-express-regret-at-iran-s-refusal-to-accept-nuclea.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
8. [ Somali pirates hijack five ships from the United Kingdom, Taiwan, Germany, France, and Yemen. ](/news/2009/04/6/somali-pirates-hijack-five-ships-from-the-united-kingdom-taiwan-germany-france-and-yemen.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Yemen_
9. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
10. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, United States_
