### [2010-10-31](/news/2010/10/31/index.md)

# The Somali parliament approves Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed as Prime Minister. 

Somalia&amp;&#x23;039&#x3B;s&#x20;parliament&#x20;has&#x20;approved&#x20;the&#x20;appointment&#x20;of&#x20;Mohamed&#x20;Abdullahii&#x20;Mohamed&#x20;as&#x20;the&#x20;country&amp;&#x23;039&#x3B;s&#x20;new&#x20;prime&#x20;minister.&#x20;Lawmakers&#x20;voted&#x20;by&#x20;297&#x20;to&#x20;92&#x20;in&#x20;favour&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;president&amp;&#x23;039&#x3B;s&#x20;nominee,&#x20;who&#x20;is&#x20;a&#x20;US-educated&#x20;former&#x20;diplomat&#x20;from&#x20;the&#x20;Somali&#x20;diaspora.&#x0A;


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/10/2010103112257922232.html)
2. [RFI](http://www.english.rfi.fr/africa/20101031-somalia-approves-new-prime-minister)

### Related:

1. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
2. [Somali President Sharif Ahmed appoints Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed as Prime Minister of the Transitional Federal Government. ](/news/2010/10/14/somali-president-sharif-ahmed-appoints-mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-as-prime-minister-of-the-transitional-federal-government.md) _Context: Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
3. [The Somali Prime Minister, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo, resigns. ](/news/2011/06/19/the-somali-prime-minister-mohamed-abdullahi-farmajo-resigns.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
4. [The Prime Minister of Somalia Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed names a new Cabinet with doubts that the parliament will approve his choices. ](/news/2010/11/12/the-prime-minister-of-somalia-mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-names-a-new-cabinet-with-doubts-that-the-parliament-will-approve-his-choices.md) _Context: Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of Somalia_
5. [ Mohamoud Mohamed Gacmodhere, who was appointed Prime Minister of Somalia by President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed last week, resigns. ](/news/2008/12/24/mohamoud-mohamed-gacmodhere-who-was-appointed-prime-minister-of-somalia-by-president-abdullahi-yusuf-ahmed-last-week-resigns.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
6. [ President of Somalia Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed names former Interior Minister Mohamoud Mohamed Gacmodhere as Prime Minister, but incumbent PM Nur Hassan Hussein is supported in a parliamentary vote, requiring a confidence motion before Ahmed could replace Hussein. ](/news/2008/12/16/president-of-somalia-abdullahi-yusuf-ahmed-names-former-interior-minister-mohamoud-mohamed-gacmodhere-as-prime-minister-but-incumbent-pm-n.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
7. [ Nur Hassan Hussein, head of the Somali Red Crescent and former policeman, is named the new Prime Minister of Somalia. ](/news/2007/11/22/nur-hassan-hussein-head-of-the-somali-red-crescent-and-former-policeman-is-named-the-new-prime-minister-of-somalia.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
8. [ Ali Mohammed Ghedi, the interim Prime Minister of Somalia, says he plans to create a Green Zone in Mogadishu and criticizes the United Nations for giving "so much emphasis on Darfur and not to Somalia". ](/news/2007/08/15/ali-mohammed-ghedi-the-interim-prime-minister-of-somalia-says-he-plans-to-create-a-green-zone-in-mogadishu-and-criticizes-the-united-nati.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
9. [ War in Somalia: Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi modifies the roster of the Transitional Federal Government by removing army chief-of-staff Ismail Qasim Naji and assigning him as ambassador to Oman, while also appointing new ambassadors to Kenya, Djibouti, and Yemen. Meanwhile, the Somali People's Resistance Movement emerges as an insurgency movement out of the underground members of the Islamic Courts Union. ](/news/2007/02/10/war-in-somalia-somali-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-modifies-the-roster-of-the-transitional-federal-government-by-removing-army-chief.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
10. [ White House Press Secretary Tony Snow is unwilling to either confirm or deny U.S. financial and logistical support for the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism in Somalia. Previously, such accusations were denied. The current Prime Minister of Somalia, Ali Mohamed Gedi, criticized U.S. support for "criminals." ](/news/2006/05/18/white-house-press-secretary-tony-snow-is-unwilling-to-either-confirm-or-deny-u-s-financial-and-logistical-support-for-the-alliance-for-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somali_
