### [2013-07-11](/news/2013/07/11/index.md)

# Bomb and gun attacks across Iraq kill more than 30 people including members of the Iraqi security forces. 

Bomb and gun attacks across Iraq kill more than 30 people, many of them members of the security forces, in the past day, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-23279275)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/68684000/jpg/_68684939_68684938.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A string of attacks in Iraq targeting Iraqi security forces leaves at least 56 people dead. ](/news/2010/08/25/a-string-of-attacks-in-iraq-targeting-iraqi-security-forces-leaves-at-least-56-people-dead.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi security forces_
2. [ Iraqi Security Forces announce that they have captured Tha'ir Kadhim Sraiwi, the alleged leader of Salafi terrorist group Jamaat Ansar al-Sunna. ](/news/2009/01/12/iraqi-security-forces-announce-that-they-have-captured-tha-ir-kadhim-sraiwi-the-alleged-leader-of-salafi-terrorist-group-jamaat-ansar-al-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi security forces_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi security forces_
4. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces_
8. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
