### [2016-10-19](/news/2016/10/19/index.md)

# A police dispersal occurs between combined minority groups and anti-U.S. activists and the Philippine National Police in front of the U.S. Embassy in Manila. Police arrest 30 protesters with 60 people injured, several rammed by a police van driven during the dispersal. 

(UPDATED) Some of the protesters are injured after cops forced a police vehicle through the crowd


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/10/police-van-rams-protesters-embassy-manila-161019131238539.html)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/149646-dispersal-protest-us-embassy-manila)
3. [The Manila Bulletin](http://www.mb.com.ph/investigation-on-us-embassy-incident-underway-bato/)
3. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/758A642F52FF4144B756C5E9F462E4C7/img/E5B07949205F4C859514203FED8DE2E1/Indigenous-people-rally-us-embassy-20161019-04.jpg)

### Related:

1. [At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecutive-anti-drug-operatio.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine National Police_
2. [A dismissed police inspector hijacks a coach belonging to Hong Thai Travel and its 25 Hong Kong tourists in Manila, the capital of the Philippines in order to demand his reinstatement. He is later shot dead by the police. At least 7 hostages are killed and 2 others severely injured.](/news/2010/08/23/a-dismissed-police-inspector-hijacks-a-coach-belonging-to-hong-thai-travel-and-its-25-hong-kong-tourists-in-manila-the-capital-of-the-phili.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine National Police_
3. [ Six members of the Kuratong baleleng Philippines crime gang, as well as a police officer are killed in a shootout with police officers in Manila. ](/news/2008/06/15/six-members-of-the-kuratong-baleleng-philippines-crime-gang-as-well-as-a-police-officer-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-police-officers-in-m.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine National Police_
4. [Speaking to government workers at the presidential palace in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte orders police to kill his eldest son, Paulo Duterte, if drug trafficking allegations against him are proven true, and adds that those who carried out the execution would be protected from prosecution. ](/news/2017/09/20/speaking-to-government-workers-at-the-presidential-palace-in-manila-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-police-to-kill-his-eldest-son-paulo-d.md) _Context: Manila_
5. [Around 1,200 members of the Philippine National Police in the suburb of Caloocan are fired over allegations of crimes attributed to the police. ](/news/2017/09/15/around-1-200-members-of-the-philippine-national-police-in-the-suburb-of-caloocan-are-fired-over-allegations-of-crimes-attributed-to-the-poli.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
6. [During one of the meetings of the 50th Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum at Manila, the foreign ministers of the member nations issued a communique "emphasizing the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint," ending an impasse regarding the disputes on the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/08/6/during-one-of-the-meetings-of-the-50th-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-regional-forum-at-manila-the-foreign-ministers-of-the-member.md) _Context: Manila_
7. [At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Manila_
8. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
9. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
10. [Ten people are killed in Inabanga, Bohol, in the Philippines' Central Visayas, after the country's National Police and Armed Forces clash with suspected members of Abu Sayyaf. ](/news/2017/04/12/ten-people-are-killed-in-inabanga-bohol-in-the-philippines-central-visayas-after-the-country-s-national-police-and-armed-forces-clash-wi.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
