### [2016-10-19](/news/2016/10/19/index.md)

# Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. 

ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) — Lawmakers in Croatia approved a new government on Wednesday as the prime minister promised to boost economic recovery and overcome political divisions in the European Union&#039;s newest member state.…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/bf02f9bea1484fc7b62279bc31ba43f5/croatia-pm-designate-vows-boost-reform-bridge-divisions)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-croatia-government-idUSKCN12J2EQ?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with the conservative Croatian Democratic Union taking an early lead. ](/news/2016/09/11/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-croatia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-the-conservative-croatian-democra.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Democratic Union, Croatian parliamentary election, 2016_
2. [Croatian MPs vote to dissolve the Parliament, setting the stage for snap election, which are expected to take place in early September. This comes as Croatia is facing an escalating political crisis following the last election in November 2015. ](/news/2016/06/20/croatian-mps-vote-to-dissolve-the-parliament-setting-the-stage-for-snap-election-which-are-expected-to-take-place-in-early-september-this.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian parliamentary election, 2016_
3. [Croatia-s opposition coalition led by the Croatian Democratic Union wins six out of twelve seats in the country-s first ever vote for the European Parliament, while the ruling coalition led by the Social Democratic Party manages to take five seats. ](/news/2013/04/15/croatia-s-opposition-coalition-led-by-the-croatian-democratic-union-wins-six-out-of-twelve-seats-in-the-country-s-first-ever-vote-for-th.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Democratic Union_
4. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Croatia_
5. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: Croatia_
6. [Yugoslav Wars: Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: Croatia_
7. [Dragan Vasiljkovic, a former Serbian paramilitary commander, is charged with war crimes in Croatia. ](/news/2016/01/8/dragan-vasiljkovia-a-former-serbian-paramilitary-commander-is-charged-with-war-crimes-in-croatia.md) _Context: Croatia_
8. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia tightens controls over its Schengen border with Croatia due to concerns of an influx of migrants. ](/news/2015/11/9/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-tightens-controls-over-its-schengen-border-with-croatia-due-to-concerns-of-an-influx-of-migrants.md) _Context: Croatia_
9. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2015: Early official results show the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), the country's largest opposition party, has a slim lead over Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic-s ruling Social Democrats (SDP) in today's elections. With 32 percent counted, the HDZ, has 61 of parliament-s 151 seats and the SDP is second with 53. The third place Most (Bridge of Independent Lists) party is likely to have the balance of power in the parliament. ](/news/2015/11/8/croatian-parliamentary-election-2015-early-official-results-show-the-croatian-democratic-union-hdz-the-country-s-largest-opposition-par.md) _Context: Croatian Democratic Union_
10. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Croatia_
