### [2016-10-19](/news/2016/10/19/index.md)

# Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. 

A Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. is being held in Czech Republic. Czech police took the man into custody two weeks ago, but only announced the arrest Wednesday. He was reportedly surprised when he was detained at a Prague hotel. Jeff Pegues reports on what the arrest could mean for U.S.-Russian relations.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/fbi-helps-capture-suspected-russian-hacker-in-czech-republic/?ftag=MSF75ed6dd)

### Related:

1. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
2. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
3. [Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague. ](/news/2014/01/1/jamal-al-jamal-a-palestinian-ambassador-to-the-czech-republic-is-killed-in-an-explosion-near-his-home-in-prague.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
4. [A powerful explosion occurs in an office building in Prague, Czech Republic, believed to have been caused by natural gas, injures 35 people. Both the nearby Faculty of Arts and Sciences building of Charles University and the National Theater also sustain damage. ](/news/2013/04/29/a-powerful-explosion-occurs-in-an-office-building-in-prague-czech-republic-believed-to-have-been-caused-by-natural-gas-injures-35-people.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
5. [ The Eastern Partnership conducts its inaugural meeting in Prague, Czech Republic.](/news/2009/05/7/the-eastern-partnership-conducts-its-inaugural-meeting-in-prague-czech-republic.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
7. [ A thousand Czech protesters gather in Wenceslas Square in the centre of Prague to protest against Czech participation in the United States missile defence system. ](/news/2007/05/26/a-thousand-czech-protesters-gather-in-wenceslas-square-in-the-centre-of-prague-to-protest-against-czech-participation-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
8. [ Definition of planet: The International Astronomical Union, meeting in Prague, Czech Republic, votes to strip Pluto of its status as a planet. ](/news/2006/08/24/definition-of-planet-the-international-astronomical-union-meeting-in-prague-czech-republic-votes-to-strip-pluto-of-its-status-as-a-plan.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
9. [ Helios Airways Flight 522 en route from Larnaca, Cyprus via Athens, Greece to Prague, Czech Republic crashes near Athens, with at least 121 onboard. Observations from Greek fighter aircraft indicate a decompression problem. ](/news/2005/08/14/helios-airways-flight-522-en-route-from-larnaca-cyprus-via-athens-greece-to-prague-czech-republic-crashes-near-athens-with-at-least-121.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
10. [ Extreme weather: The death toll in Europe caused by flooding has risen to at least 74, with 58 deaths in Russia, 3 in Germany, 3 in Austria, and one in the Czech Republic. Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla declared a state of emergency in Prague, Bohemia, Plzen and Karlovy Vary. All shipping on the Danube has been halted. Premier Silvio Berlusconi approved $50 million in emergency aid in response to the $300 million in damage of northern Italy's crops.](/news/2002/08/12/extreme-weather-the-death-toll-in-europe-caused-by-flooding-has-risen-to-at-least-74-with-58-deaths-in-russia-3-in-germany-3-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
