### [2016-10-19](/news/2016/10/19/index.md)

# Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. 




### Source:

1. [The Tehran Times](http://www.tehrantimes.com/news/407464/Impending-reshuffling-in-Rouhani-cabinet)
2. [Mehr](http://en.mehrnews.com/news/120641/Rouhani-reshuffles-cabinet-ahead-of-election)

### Related:

1. [Iranian legislative election, 2016 Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be  a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14  landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/iranian-legislative-election-2016-piran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled-for-26-february-20.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
2. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
3. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
4. [Hassan Rouhani is officially inaugurated as President of Iran in the House of the Parliament  and announces the members of his cabinet to the parliament. ](/news/2013/08/4/hassan-rouhani-is-officially-inaugurated-as-president-of-iran-in-the-house-of-the-parliament-and-announces-the-members-of-his-cabinet-to-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iranian President, cabinet_
5. [Hassan Rouhani, President-elect of Iran, criticizes the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) over its news censorship of the Syrian civil war and the 2009-10 election protests. He also says Iran needs a cautious approach in its foreign policy. ](/news/2013/06/30/hassan-rouhani-president-elect-of-iran-criticizes-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-broadcasting-irib-over-its-news-censorship-of-the-syrian.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
6. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
7. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
8. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that   President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
9. [Iran stops dismantling decommissioned centrifuges in two uranium enrichment plants, according to  state media reports. This comes days after Iran's conservative lawmakers complained to President Hassan Rouhani that the process was too rushed.  ](/news/2015/11/10/iran-stops-dismantling-decommissioned-centrifuges-in-two-uranium-enrichment-plants-according-to-state-media-reports-this-comes-days-after.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
10. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final  closed door hearing on Rezaian's case  was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rez.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
