### [2015-08-3](/news/2015/08/3/index.md)

# Puerto Rico fails to make a scheduled payment of US$58 million to service its debts of $72 billion. Moody's considers the commonwealth in default. 

Puerto Rico confirms that it failed to make a debt payment at the weekend, in the latest sign of the economic crisis in the US territory.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-33769391)

### Related:

1. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, defaults_
2. [Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bond-payment-due-monday-garcaa-padilla.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, defaults_
3. [Creditors offer Puerto Rico's highly leveraged power authority $2 billion in new financing, including $1.2 billion for a new natural gas operation, in exchange for assurances that it will repay its debt. ](/news/2015/03/30/creditors-offer-puerto-rico-s-highly-leveraged-power-authority-2-billion-in-new-financing-including-1-2-billion-for-a-new-natural-gas-ope.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, US$_
4. [Following a court order that payments to most bondholders be stopped until holdouts were paid, Argentina has defaulted on some of its bonds after negotiations fell short of reaching a deal with hedge fund investors demanding a full payout of US$1.3 billion on bonds. ](/news/2014/07/31/following-a-court-order-that-payments-to-most-bondholders-be-stopped-until-holdouts-were-paid-argentina-has-defaulted-on-some-of-its-bonds.md) _Context: US$, defaults_
5. [The Australian dollar reaches a post-float record against the United States dollar based on higher than expected consumer price index figures and concerns over a US default. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-australian-dollar-reaches-a-post-float-record-against-the-united-states-dollar-based-on-higher-than-expected-consumer-price-index-figure.md) _Context: US$, defaults_
6. [Moody's cuts Greece's credit rating further to Ca on the grounds that a proposed debt swap is equivalent to a default. ](/news/2011/07/25/moody-s-cuts-greece-s-credit-rating-further-to-ca-on-the-grounds-that-a-proposed-debt-swap-is-equivalent-to-a-default.md) _Context: Moody's, defaults_
7. [The People's Republic of China's only ratings house that grades sovereign entities, the Dagong Global Credit Rating Company, states that the United States is already defaulting on its debt by allowing the U.S. dollar to devalue against other currencies, diminishing the wealth of China as a U.S. creditor. ](/news/2011/06/10/the-people-s-republic-of-china-s-only-ratings-house-that-grades-sovereign-entities-the-dagong-global-credit-rating-company-states-that-the.md) _Context: US$, defaults_
8. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: US$_
