### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. 

Presidency confirms ousted leader Francois Bozize has sought temporary refuge after rebels take hold of capital Bangui.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2013/03/201332565033211834.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21923624)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central-African, Michel Djotodia, Seleka_
2. [The National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic elects Michel Djotodia as the President confirming a position he has held since a coup last month. ](/news/2013/04/13/the-national-transitional-council-of-the-central-african-republic-elects-michel-djotodia-as-the-president-confirming-a-position-he-has-held.md) _Context: Central-African, Michel Djotodia, President_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pall-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-reb.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central-African, Seleka_
4. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central-African, President, Seleka_
5. [The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-transitional-national-assembly-of-the-central-african-republic-chooses-catherine-samba-panza-as-the-interim-president-making-her-the-co.md) _Context: Central-African, President_
6. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-prebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-pr.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central-African_
7. [2012-2013 Central African Republic rebellion:South Africa announces it will send 400 more soldiers to the Central African Republic in an effort to assist the current regime, which faces a potential attack by the Seleka rebel coalition on the capital. ](/news/2013/01/6/2012a2013-central-african-republic-rebellion-psouth-africa-announces-it-will-send-400-more-soldiers-to-the-central-african-republic-in-an.md) _Context: Central-African, Seleka_
8. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pchad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-r.md) _Context: Central-African, Seleka_
9. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
