### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# China's President Xi Jinping vows to intensify ties with Africa, as he addresses leaders in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, on his first trip to the continent. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via GlobalPost](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/afp/130325/chinas-xi-vows-intensify-ties-africa)

### Related:

1. [Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-when-he-was-on-his-way.md) _Context: Chinese President, People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
2. [Chinese President Xi Jinping opens the Boao Forum for Asia  in Boao, Hainan, by calling on entrepreneurs to form a united voice and vision for the common development of Asia. ](/news/2013/04/8/chinese-president-xi-jinping-opens-the-boao-forum-for-asia-in-boao-hainan-by-calling-on-entrepreneurs-to-form-a-united-voice-and-vision-f.md) _Context: Chinese President, People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
3. [Xi Jinping heads to Russia on the first stop of his maiden overseas tour as President of China. ](/news/2013/03/22/xi-jinping-heads-to-russia-on-the-first-stop-of-his-maiden-overseas-tour-as-president-of-china.md) _Context: Chinese President, People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
4. [ At the 11th National People's Congress, Hu Jintao is elected to a second term as the President of China, and Xi Jinping is elected Vice-President. ](/news/2008/03/15/at-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-hu-jintao-is-elected-to-a-second-term-as-the-president-of-china-and-xi-jinping-is-elected-vice-pre.md) _Context: Chinese President, People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
5. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
6. [The foreign ministry of the People's Republic of China confirms that the country's head of state Xi Jinping will attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this year, making him the first President of China to attend the high-profile event. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-foreign-ministry-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-confirms-that-the-country-s-head-of-state-xi-jinping-will-attend-the-world-economic-f.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
7. [Xi Jinping, the President of the People's Republic of China, assures that China will prevent war breaking out between North Korea and South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/28/xi-jinping-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-assures-that-china-will-prevent-war-breaking-out-between-north-korea-and-south.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
8. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that  started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
9. [Chinese President Xi Jinping announced a major overhaul of China's military to make the world's largest army more combat ready and better equipped to project force beyond the country's borders. Under the reorganization, all branches of the armed forces would come under a joint military command. The Chinese president said the reform aimed to "build an elite combat force" and called on the officials to make "breakthroughs" on establishing the joint command by 2020, Xinhua said. ](/news/2015/11/27/chinese-president-xi-jinping-announced-a-major-overhaul-of-chinaas-military-to-make-the-worldas-largest-army-more-combat-ready-and-bette.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
10. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping_
