### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# Hundreds of people gather outside "Daily Mail" headquarters to hold a vigil after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2013/mar/25/lucy-meadows-daily-mail-vigil)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people sign an online petition requesting the "Daily Mail" to sack its controversial columnist Richard Littlejohn after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/26/thousands-of-people-sign-an-online-petition-requesting-the-daily-mail-to-sack-its-controversial-columnist-richard-littlejohn-after-the-pos.md) _Context: British media, Daily Mail, Lucy Meadows, primary school, teacher_
2. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
3. [Lord Leveson announces the findings of the Leveson Inquiry into the British media. ](/news/2012/11/29/lord-leveson-announces-the-findings-of-the-leveson-inquiry-into-the-british-media.md) _Context: British media_
4. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday", is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
5. [After a five-day trial in the High Court, 27-year-old assistant tutor Luke Cooper, who is completing a PhD in international relations at the University of Sussex, is awarded GBP35,000 over a front page "Evening Standard" article and GBP25,000 over a follow-up piece in the "Daily Mail". These articles threatened his future academic prospects during the November 2010 march against government cuts. ](/news/2012/06/23/after-a-five-day-trial-in-the-high-court-27-year-old-assistant-tutor-luke-cooper-who-is-completing-a-phd-in-international-relations-at-the.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
6. [Banking scion Nat Rothschild loses his libel action against the "Daily Mail" for a statement that he is "puppet master" for Peter Mandelson and Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska. ](/news/2012/02/10/banking-scion-nat-rothschild-loses-his-libel-action-against-the-daily-mail-for-a-statement-that-he-is-puppet-master-for-peter-mandelson.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
7. [18 children - 15 girls and 3 boys - are killed when lightning strikes a primary school in Masindi in the Western Region of Uganda. ](/news/2011/06/29/18-children-15-girls-and-3-boys-are-killed-when-lightning-strikes-a-primary-school-in-masindi-in-the-western-region-of-uganda.md) _Context: primary school_
8. [A school teacher who stabbed 16 young pupils and a teacher in a knife rampage in south China in April is sentenced to death. ](/news/2010/06/12/a-school-teacher-who-stabbed-16-young-pupils-and-a-teacher-in-a-knife-rampage-in-south-china-in-april-is-sentenced-to-death.md) _Context: teacher_
9. [The UK's Press Complaints Commission rejects a complaint by the husband of Stephen Gately about Jan Moir's "Daily Mail" article following his death but its head calls Moir's writing "extremely distasteful". ](/news/2010/02/18/the-uk-s-press-complaints-commission-rejects-a-complaint-by-the-husband-of-stephen-gately-about-jan-moir-s-daily-mail-article-following-hi.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
10. [ Scotland Yard investigates a complaint about an article by Jan Moir in the UK's "Daily Mail" tabloid concerning her views on the death of Boyzone singer Stephen Gately. ](/news/2009/10/18/scotland-yard-investigates-a-complaint-about-an-article-by-jan-moir-in-the-uk-s-daily-mail-tabloid-concerning-her-views-on-the-death-of-b.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
