### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# Six people are wounded during a stabbing attack at a Target store in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. A 41-year-old homeless man was arrested. 

A 16-year-old Tennessee girl on spring break was stabbed Monday inside a downtown Target store in Pittsburgh while she was being used as a shield by a homeless man who was fleeing other people, police spokeswoman Diane Richard said.


### Source:

1. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/03/25/east-liberty-target-stabb_n_2951959.html)
2. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/03/26/suspect-named-in-western-pa-target-store-stabbings-16-year-old-victim-in/)

### Related:

1. [Three people are shot (one critically) at three stores at the Edgewood Towne Center shopping plaza near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The victims were taken to UPMC Presbyterian Hospital while police searched the area. ](/news/2013/03/30/three-people-are-shot-one-critically-at-three-stores-at-the-edgewood-towne-center-shopping-plaza-near-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-united-sta.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh, U.S._
2. [ Three police officers are killed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. ](/news/2009/04/4/three-police-officers-are-killed-in-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-united-states.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh, U.S._
3. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This is the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/16/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1-2.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
4. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/15/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
5. [A court in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania finds that there is enough evidence to hold entertainer Bill Cosby on felony indecent assault charges in relation to the case of ''Andrea Constand v. William H. Cosby, Jr.''. ](/news/2016/05/24/a-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-finds-that-there-is-enough-evidence-to-hold-entertainer-bill-cosby-on-felony-indecent-assault-char.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
6. [Two  missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-missionaries-from-the-united-states-are-found-slain-in-separate-areas-of-rural-st-mary-parish-in-jamaica-randy-hentzel-and-harold-nic.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, U.S._
8. [Researchers at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) successfully use a 3-D printer (specifically, a fused deposition modeling (FDM) printer) to produce hair-like strands, inspired by the use of a hot glue gun to produce gossamer strands. Also, using certain materials (like collagens, alginates, and fibrins), with a 3-D printer and special bioprinting techniques, another team at CMU produced human coronary arteries and small, embryonic-like human hearts. ](/news/2015/11/6/researchers-at-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-s-carnegie-mellon-university-cmu-successfully-use-a-3-d-printer-specifically-a-fused-deposition.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh_
9. [A 17-year-old male opens fire on a man at the Monroeville Mall in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area, striking his intended target as well as two bystanders hospitalizing three people. ](/news/2015/02/7/a-17-year-old-male-opens-fire-on-a-man-at-the-monroeville-mall-in-the-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-area-striking-his-intended-target-as-well-as.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh_
10. [Pittsburgh police arrest Ryan Williams for the October 18, 2014 McKeesport, Pennsylvania arson attack and charge him with arson, burglary, and six counts of criminal homicide. The victims include four children ages 2 through 7. ](/news/2015/01/16/pittsburgh-police-arrest-ryan-williams-for-the-october-18-2014-mckeesport-pennsylvania-arson-attack-and-charge-him-with-arson-burglary-a.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh_
