### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# Six sleeping workers are killed by a fire in a car seat factory outside Bangalore, India. 

A deadly fire in a factory on the outskirts of the southern Indian city of Bangalore kills six people who were asleep inside the building.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-21921946)

### Related:

1. [An express train catches fire in India, leaving at least 23 dead. The train was traveling from Bangalore to Nanded in the western state of Maharashtra. ](/news/2013/12/28/an-express-train-catches-fire-in-india-leaving-at-least-23-dead-the-train-was-traveling-from-bangalore-to-nanded-in-the-western-state-of-m.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
2. [2013 Bangalore blast:Sixteen people, including eight policemen, are injured in a bomb blast at a BJP office in Bangalore, India, weeks ahead of elections in the state of Karnataka. ](/news/2013/04/17/2013-bangalore-blast-psixteen-people-including-eight-policemen-are-injured-in-a-bomb-blast-at-a-bjp-office-in-bangalore-india-weeks-ahea.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
3. [ A series of seven bomb blasts rock Bangalore, India, killing 2 and injuring 20. ](/news/2008/07/25/a-series-of-seven-bomb-blasts-rock-bangalore-india-killing-2-and-injuring-20.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
4. [ Chief minister of the Indian state of Karnataka, Dharam Singh announced that the state government had accepted Jnanpith awardee U R Ananthamurthy's suggestion to rename Bangalore to its colloquial name, ''Bengaluru''. The new name will be effective from November 1, 2006. ](/news/2005/12/11/chief-minister-of-the-indian-state-of-karnataka-dharam-singh-announced-that-the-state-government-had-accepted-jnanpith-awardee-u-r-anantha.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: India_
