### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# The European Union and Japan say that they will begin talks to restart free trade between the two entities beginning in April. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-03-25/japan-european-union-announce-free-trade-talks-to-start-april.html)

### Related:

1. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: European Union, free trade_
2. [42nd G7 summit. The 42nd G7 summit held at Ise-Shima in Japan's Mie Prefecture concludes with a declaration that the United Kingdom leaving the European Union would pose a "serious threat to world growth". ](/news/2016/05/27/42nd-g7-summit-the-42nd-g7-summit-held-at-ise-shima-in-japan-s-mie-prefecture-concludes-with-a-declaration-that-the-united-kingdom-leaving.md) _Context: European Union, Japan_
3. [The United States, Japan, and the European Union file a case against China at the WTO regarding export restrictions on rare earth metals. ](/news/2012/03/13/the-united-states-japan-and-the-european-union-file-a-case-against-china-at-the-wto-regarding-export-restrictions-on-rare-earth-metals.md) _Context: European Union, Japan_
4. [Robert Zoellick, the President of the World Bank, claims that the world economy has entered the "danger zone", with the United States, European Union and Japan having to make tough decisions. ](/news/2011/09/14/robert-zoellick-the-president-of-the-world-bank-claims-that-the-world-economy-has-entered-the-danger-zone-with-the-united-states-europ.md) _Context: European Union, Japan_
5. [ In the continuing negotiations over global free trade, the trade commissioner for the European Union, Peter Mandelson, said Friday that the EU will cut its average farm tariff by 47%, reducing the highest rates by 60%. Jacques Chirac, the president of France, said that he doesn't have France's support in such a proposal. ](/news/2005/10/28/in-the-continuing-negotiations-over-global-free-trade-the-trade-commissioner-for-the-european-union-peter-mandelson-said-friday-that-the.md) _Context: European Union, free trade_
6. [Tropical Storm Nanmadol (2017). The death toll from flooding on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu rises to 15, with six others missing. ](/news/2017/07/8/tropical-storm-nanmadol-2017-the-death-toll-from-flooding-on-the-southern-japanese-island-of-kyushu-rises-to-15-with-six-others-missing.md) _Context: Japan_
7. [2017 Pacific typhoon season. Severe flooding on the Japanese island of Kyushu has caused seven deaths with twenty people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-pacific-typhoon-season-severe-flooding-on-the-japanese-island-of-kyushu-has-caused-seven-deaths-with-twenty-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Japan_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan_
9. [Poland in the European Union. The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan_
