### [2013-03-25](/news/2013/03/25/index.md)

# Thousands of homes in Scotland and Northern Ireland are without electricity and many roads are closed after snowfall and strong winds hit over the weekend. 

Thousands of homes are still without power and many roads are impassable after severe weather affected much of the UK during the weekend.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21920467)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
2. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
3. [A wild storm hits Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland leaving up to 14,000 people without power in western Scotland. ](/news/2014/12/10/a-wild-storm-hits-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-leaving-up-to-14-000-people-without-power-in-western-scotland.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
4. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
5. [ Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. ](/news/2005/12/21/musician-elton-john-and-canadian-filmmaker-david-furnish-are-joined-in-a-civil-partnership-ceremony-at-windsor-town-hall-the-couple-are-am.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
6. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-scottish-independence-from-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Scotland_
10. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Scotland_
