### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# 2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. 

Israeli police have arrested four Palestinians in connection with one of several large fires that damaged homes and prompted the evacuation of thousands of people over the past few days.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/11/24/israel-battles-fires-for-third-day-4-palestinians-arrested.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
2. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
3. [Kashmir conflict:: India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
4. [Kashmir conflict:: Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
5. [Clashes break out between Indian and Pakistani troops near the border in the disputed Kashmir region. ](/news/2010/05/23/clashes-break-out-between-indian-and-pakistani-troops-near-the-border-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
6. [India-Pakistan relations: Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Pakistani officials say nine civilians have been killed after cross-border Indian shelling hit their passenger bus in Neelam Valley, northeast of Muzaffarabad, while three Pakistani soldiers were killed in other cross-border firing incidents. ](/news/2016/11/23/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistani-officials-say-nine-civilians-have-been-killed-after-cross-border-indian-shelling-hit.md) _Context: 2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation, India, Pakistan_
8. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-b.md) _Context: 2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation, India, Pakistan_
9. [India-Pakistan relations: India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
10. [Kashmir conflict: India imposes a curfew in some parts of Kashmir following a general strike being called by separatists to protest the death of two protesters. ](/news/2016/02/15/kashmir-conflict-india-imposes-a-curfew-in-some-parts-of-kashmir-following-a-general-strike-being-called-by-separatists-to-protest-the-deat.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
