### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# 2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hurricane-otto-nears-coasts-nicaragua-costa-rica-43753080)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/24/hurricane-otto-costa-rica-nicaragua-emergency-storm-caribbean)

### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto impacts Panama. A tropical storm watch is issued for Nicaragua from Bluefields to Sandy Bay Sirpi. ](/news/2016/11/22/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-impacts-panama-a-tropical-storm-watch-is-issued-for-nicaragua-from-bluefields-to-sandy-bay-s.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Otto, Nicaragua_
2. [Nicaraguan general election, 2016. Voters in Nicaragua go to the polls for a general election with polls suggesting that the President of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega will be elected for a third successive term. Ortega's wife Rosario Murillo is running to be the Vice President of Nicaragua.](/news/2016/11/6/nicaraguan-general-election-2016-voters-in-nicaragua-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-polls-suggesting-that-the-president-of-ni.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-c.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-st.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Nicole impacts Bermuda at Category 3 strength, making it the strongest hurricane to effect the British Overseas Territory since Hurricane Fabian in 2003. ](/news/2016/10/13/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-nicole-impacts-bermuda-at-category-3-strength-making-it-the-strongest-hurricane-to-effect-the-bri.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
