### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# American-led intervention in Syria. Syrian Civil War. CENTCOM reports a U.S. service member has been killed in a IED blast near the town of Ayn Issa, Al-Raqqah Governorate, becoming the first U.S. military casualty in the conflict. 

The service member was not identified.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/us-service-member-killed-explosion-syria/story?id=43765880)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
2. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
3. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
4. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syrian-civil-war-syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governora.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah Governorate, American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-i.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [American-led intervention in Syria. In its third strike near the town of Al-Tanf in recent weeks, the United States bombs Syrian government and allied troops, striking two out of three technical vehicles about 24 miles from the U.S. Coalition's At-Tanf base in Southern Syria. ](/news/2017/06/8/american-led-intervention-in-syria-in-its-third-strike-near-the-town-of-al-tanf-in-recent-weeks-the-united-states-bombs-syrian-government.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, United States_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United States_
