### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# Around 50,000 people are evacuated as fires rage throughout the Israeli city of Haifa. The Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan says at least half the fires are to due to arson. 

Tens of thousands of people are evacuated as wildfires sweep into the Israeli city of Haifa.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-38088651)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/11/24/israel-battles-fires-for-third-day-4-palestinians-arrested.html)

### Related:

1. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
2. [A controversial beauty pageant for survivors of The Holocaust is held for the first time in the Israeli city of Haifa. Critics describe it as "offensive" and "macabre." ](/news/2012/06/29/a-controversial-beauty-pageant-for-survivors-of-the-holocaust-is-held-for-the-first-time-in-the-israeli-city-of-haifa-critics-describe-it-a.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
3. [At least 40 people are killed during a forest fire near Haifa in Israel. ](/news/2010/12/2/at-least-40-people-are-killed-during-a-forest-fire-near-haifa-in-israel.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
4. [ A car bomb is located and defused near a shopping mall in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2009/03/23/a-car-bomb-is-located-and-defused-near-a-shopping-mall-in-haifa-israel.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
5. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Haifa city is hit by rocket artillery fired from Lebanon. Israeli Ambassador to the US Daniel Ayalon describes the unprecedented strike on Haifa as a "major, major escalation" by Hezbollah. ](/news/2006/07/13/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-haifa-city-is-hit-by-rocket-artillery-fired-from-lebanon-israeli-ambassador-to-the-us-daniel-ayalon-describes.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
6. [ Five people are killed, and about 80 injured, when an Israeli train travelling between Tel Aviv and Haifa collides with a truck on a level crossing near Netanya. The first anniversary of a similar accident on Israel Railways near Revadim on the Beersheba line is in nine days' time. ](/news/2006/06/12/five-people-are-killed-and-about-80-injured-when-an-israeli-train-travelling-between-tel-aviv-and-haifa-collides-with-a-truck-on-a-level.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
7. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
