### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# CENTCOM reports a U.S. service member has been killed in a IED blast near the town of Ayn Issa, Al-Raqqah Governorate, becoming the first U.S. military casualty in the conflict. 

The service member was not identified.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/us-service-member-killed-explosion-syria/story?id=43765880)
1. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/images/International/GTY-american-flag-army-military-uniform-jt-161124_16x9_992.jpg)

### Related:

1. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
2. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
3. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
4. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
5. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
6. [A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s-led-coalition-warplanes-leaves-at-least-32-islamic-st.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah Governorate, American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches-an-offensive-against-islamic-state-forces-in-the-nort.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-including-kurdish-groups-such-as-ypg-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [In its third strike near the town of Al-Tanf in recent weeks, the United States bombs Syrian government and allied troops, striking two out of three technical vehicles about 24 miles from the U.S. Coalition's At-Tanf base in Southern Syria. ](/news/2017/06/8/in-its-third-strike-near-the-town-of-al-tanf-in-recent-weeks-the-united-states-bombs-syrian-government-and-allied-troops-striking-two-out.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, United States_
