### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# Freedom Party of Austria presidential candidate Norbert Hofer intends to hold a referendum on European Union membership if elected. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38075644)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-and-fr.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
2. [Austria's highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by  right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austriaas-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right-wing-populist-freedom-party-of-austri.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
3. [Austrians vote in the first round of electing the next president. Preliminary estimates indicate FPO's Norbert Hofer won the first round with 36 percent of the vote. Greens' Alexander Van der Bellen, who is supported by the Green Party, garnered 20%,  and another independent, Irmgard Griss, took 18.5 percent. President Heinz Fischer was not eligible to be re-elected. Candidates representing the two leading parties, that have ruled for the past 70 years, were eliminated. Hofer and Van der Bellen will compete in the runoff election on May 22, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/24/austrians-vote-in-the-first-round-of-electing-the-next-president-preliminary-estimates-indicate-fpa-s-norbert-hofer-won-the-first-round-wi.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
4. [The second round of voting takes place to elect either Norbert Hofer or Alexander Van der Bellen as President of Austria. ](/news/2016/05/22/the-second-round-of-voting-takes-place-to-elect-either-norbert-hofer-or-alexander-van-der-bellen-as-president-of-austria.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
5. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody, difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-ri.md) _Context: EU_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: EU_
7. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU_
8. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: EU_
9. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: EU_
10. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: EU_
