### [2016-11-24](/news/2016/11/24/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing: At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. 

A truck bomb in Iraq kills 77 people, most of them foreign Shia pilgrims, police officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38090006)
2. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/1124/834171-iraq-bomb/)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): 2016 October Baghdad attacks: Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iskandariya suicide bombing: At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iskandariya-suicide-bombing-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Use of chemical weapons in the Iraqi Civil War: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fire mortars containing an unidentified chemical agent killing one and injuring 600 in Taza Khurmatu, Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-iraqi-civil-war-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-fire-mortars-cont.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Two suicide bombers kill 70 people and injure more than 100 others at a crowded market in Sadr City, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-suicide-bombers-kill-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-at-a-crowded-market-in-sadr-city-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
