### [2014-09-15](/news/2014/09/15/index.md)

# Heavy shelling on the city of Donetsk, Ukraine, leaves 6 people dead and 15 wounded. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/news/world/article/OSCE-team-in-east-Ukraine-comes-near-shelling-5755789.php)

### Related:

1. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
2. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
3. [Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk-region-in-easter.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
4. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
5. [A rocket attack by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine kills 10 civilians and injures 12 others in the village of Nyzhnya Krynka near Donetsk. ](/news/2014/09/17/a-rocket-attack-by-pro-russian-separatists-in-eastern-ukraine-kills-10-civilians-and-injures-12-others-in-the-village-of-nyzhnya-krynka-near.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
6. [The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled-by-the-ukraine-government-forces-renew-their-calls-f.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
7. [Pro-Russian activists occupying a government building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have proclaimed the creation of a sovereign Donetsk People's Republic independent of the capital Kiev. ](/news/2014/04/7/pro-russian-activists-occupying-a-government-building-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-donetsk-have-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-sovereign-d.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
8. [South Airlines Flight 8971: An Antonov An-24 aircraft carrying 44 passengers and 8 crew members crash lands near the Eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, killing 4 people on board and injuring 8 others. ](/news/2013/02/13/south-airlines-flight-8971-an-antonov-an-24-aircraft-carrying-44-passengers-and-8-crew-members-crash-lands-near-the-eastern-ukrainian-city.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
9. [ Nine miners die and four are still missing after an accident at a coal mine in Donetsk, Ukraine. ](/news/2009/06/10/nine-miners-die-and-four-are-still-missing-after-an-accident-at-a-coal-mine-in-donetsk-ukraine.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine_
10. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: Ukraine_
