### [2013-06-4](/news/2013/06/4/index.md)

# A United Nations human rights team says there are "reasonable grounds" to believe that chemical weapons have been used in Syria. 

UN investigators say they have reasonable grounds to believe chemical weapons were used in Syria.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/middle-east/france-tests-confirm-sarin-gas-used-several-times-in-syria-1.527813)
2. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-06-04/un-rights-team-believes-chemical-weapons-used-in-syria/4733034)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/4583172-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-chlorine-and-other.md) _Context: United Nations, chemical weapons_
2. [Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemica.md) _Context: United Nations, chemical weapons_
3. [United Nations inspectors are investigating three alleged instances of use of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war since the Ghouta chemical attack on 21 August. ](/news/2013/09/27/united-nations-inspectors-are-investigating-three-alleged-instances-of-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-syrian-civil-war-since-the-ghouta-chem.md) _Context: United Nations, chemical weapons_
4. [The head of a United Nations war crimes tribunal states that it is investigating 14 alleged instances of chemical weapons attacks. ](/news/2013/09/17/the-head-of-a-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-states-that-it-is-investigating-14-alleged-instances-of-chemical-weapons-attacks.md) _Context: United Nations, chemical weapons_
5. [Russia announces it has completed the destruction of all of its chemical weapons under the terms of the Chemical Weapons Convention. ](/news/2017/09/27/russia-announces-it-has-completed-the-destruction-of-all-of-its-chemical-weapons-under-the-terms-of-the-chemical-weapons-convention.md) _Context: chemical weapons_
6. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: United Nations_
