### [2008-08-11](/news/2008/08/11/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetian War: According to Ossetian and Russian sources, Georgian attacks leave 2000 dead in South Ossetia, most of which civilian population of Tskhinvali. 

----CHECK MY CHANNEL FOR LATEST NEWS---- President Mikheil Saakashvili said Monday that the proposal would be taken to Moscow by the French and Finnish forei...


### Source:

1. [AFP via News.Com.Au](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,24159851-23109,00.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2008/08/2008810135036728694.html)
3. [Ars Technica](http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20080811-georgian-government-websites-attacked-by-russian-hackers.html)
4. [CNN via YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOTjtO7bMyY)
5. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/11/georgia.president/index.html)
6. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/aug/10/georgia.russia4)
7. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/12/world/europe/12georgia.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 South Ossetian War: Georgian troops are forced to withdraw from Tskhinvali, the capital of South Ossetia by Russian army. ](/news/2008/08/10/2008-south-ossetian-war-p-georgian-troops-are-forced-to-withdraw-from-tskhinvali-the-capital-of-south-ossetia-by-russian-army.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetian war, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Colonel Ivan Petrik, chief of staff of the Russian ground force in South Ossetia, is confirmed dead from wounds he suffered in the Friday blast in Tskhinvali.](/news/2008/10/4/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-colonel-ivan-petrik-chief-of-staff-of-the-russian-ground-force-in-south-ossetia-is-confirmed-dead-from-wounds-he.md) _Context: South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
3. [ Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". ](/news/2008/10/2/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-may-face-impeachment-on-charges-of-undermining-national-security-and-illegal-arms-trade-with-georgi.md) _Context: South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using.md) _Context: South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
6. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
7. [ Georgian forces shell Tskhinvali in South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/07/4/georgian-forces-shell-tskhinvali-in-south-ossetia.md) _Context: South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
8. [Voters in the breakaway state of South Ossetia go to the polls for an election and a referendum. The referendum will ask voters if the country's official name should be changed to "Republic of South Ossetia-the State of Alania". ](/news/2017/04/9/voters-in-the-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-and-a-referendum-the-referendum-will-ask-voters-if-the-count.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
9. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its ''de facto'' independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
10. [South Ossetian President Leonid Tibilov announces South Ossetia intends on holding a referendum on joining the Russian Federation. Tibilov said reuniting with Russia "is a century-long dream of the South Ossetian people". ](/news/2015/10/19/south-ossetian-president-leonid-tibilov-announces-south-ossetia-intends-on-holding-a-referendum-on-joining-the-russian-federation-tibilov-s.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
