### [2011-01-18](/news/2011/01/18/index.md)

# Kent Conrad, a Democrat from North Dakota, announces he will not run again in the 2012 Senate election. 

Sen. Kent Conrad said Tuesday he wants to concentrate on the problems facing America, not his re-election, so he will retire from his seat at the end of his term in 2012, opening up a spot prime for a Republican takeover.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2011/01/18/sen-kent-conrad-announce-retirement-tuesday/)
2. [The New York Times](http://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/01/18/lieberman-will-not-run-for-re-election/?hp)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/politics/2011/01/18/sen-kent-conrad-announce-retirement-tuesday/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1447049808344.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Democratic_
2. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Democratic_
3. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Democratic_
4. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Democratic_
5. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic_
6. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic_
7. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic_
