### [2007-02-11](/news/2007/02/11/index.md)

#  Iran:. The U. S. military accuses the government of Iran of supplying sophisticated roadside bombs to insurgents in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/3AED8954-D69D-4AAB-9343-00513D7518BD.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6351257.stm)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/02/11/iran.nuclear/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi insurgency: The United States Army releases five Iranian suspects who had been arrested in Iraq. ](/news/2007/11/9/iraqi-insurgency-the-united-states-army-releases-five-iranian-suspects-who-had-been-arrested-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: Six members of the same family of 14 have been confirmed killed following a U.S. airstrike in Northern Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/3/conflict-in-iraq-six-members-of-the-same-family-of-14-have-been-confirmed-killed-following-a-u-s-airstrike-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Military of the United States_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: Insurgent attacks throughout Iraq leave seven Iraqis, two security officials from the Arab league and one U.S. soldier dead. ](/news/2005/10/10/conflict-in-iraq-insurgent-attacks-throughout-iraq-leave-seven-iraqis-two-security-officials-from-the-arab-league-and-one-u-s-soldier-de.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Military of the United States_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: 39 people have died, including at least two U.S. soldiers, following a series of insurgent attacks throughout Iraq. ](/news/2005/08/7/conflict-in-iraq-39-people-have-died-including-at-least-two-u-s-soldiers-following-a-series-of-insurgent-attacks-throughout-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Military of the United States_
5. [Executive Order 13769. Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
7. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
8. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
9. [European migrant crisis. The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limite.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
10. [European migrant crisis. Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
