### [2010-05-24](/news/2010/05/24/index.md)

# Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader and South Down MP Margaret Ritchie resigns from the Northern Ireland Executive. Alex Attwood is the new Minister for Social Development. 

The SDLP leader and South Down MP Margaret Ritchie has formally resigned from the Stormont Executive.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0524/ritchiem.html)

### Related:

1. [Social Development Minister Margaret Ritchie defeats Alasdair McDonnell in an election to become leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) following Mark Durkan's resignation yesterday. She is the first woman to take charge of the party in its history and the first female leader of a major party in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/02/7/social-development-minister-margaret-ritchie-defeats-alasdair-mcdonnell-in-an-election-to-become-leader-of-the-social-democratic-and-labour.md) _Context: Margaret Ritchie, Minister for Social Development, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
2. [South Belfast MP Alasdair McDonnell is elected leader of Northern Ireland's Social Democratic and Labour Party, replacing Margaret Ritchie who stepped down in September. ](/news/2011/11/5/south-belfast-mp-alasdair-mcdonnell-is-elected-leader-of-northern-ireland-s-social-democratic-and-labour-party-replacing-margaret-ritchie-w.md) _Context: Margaret Ritchie, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
3. [Former Social Democratic and Labour Party leader John Hume receives the papal knighthood at a special Mass in Derry's St Eugene's Cathedral. ](/news/2012/10/6/former-social-democratic-and-labour-party-leader-john-hume-receives-the-papal-knighthood-at-a-special-mass-in-derry-s-st-eugene-s-cathedral.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
4. [The Government of Northern Ireland announces an inquiry into child abuse inside institutions. ](/news/2010/12/16/the-government-of-northern-ireland-announces-an-inquiry-into-child-abuse-inside-institutions.md) _Context: Government of Northern Ireland_
5. [Mark Durkan, former Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland, resigns as leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP). ](/news/2010/02/6/mark-durkan-former-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-resigns-as-leader-of-the-social-democratic-and-labour-party-sdlp.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
6. [ Results from the Northern Ireland Assembly election show the DUP and Sinn Fein making gains, and ensuring that in order for direct rule to cease both parties must agree to cooperate in a powersharing Executive. ](/news/2007/03/9/results-from-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-show-the-dup-and-sinn-fa-c-in-making-gains-and-ensuring-that-in-order-for-direct-rule-to.md) _Context: Government of Northern Ireland_
7. [ The anti-Good Friday Agreement Democratic Unionist Party with 30 seats becomes the biggest party in Northern Ireland in the Northern Ireland Assembly Election, 2003, replacing the Ulster Unionist Party (27 seats), while Sinn Fin at 24 seats replaces the SDLP (18 seats) as the major Irish nationalist party.](/news/2003/11/28/the-anti-good-friday-agreement-democratic-unionist-party-with-30-seats-becomes-the-biggest-party-in-northern-ireland-in-the-northern-irelan.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
8. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
9. [ A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.](/news/2003/11/13/a-belfast-telegraph-opinion-poll-in-northern-ireland-in-the-run-up-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-elections-predicts-that-the-ulster-un.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
10. [ In a press conference in Belfast, journalist Sen  Muireagin denies Israeli claims that suspected him of being a Real IRA activist. He states that he is not, and never has been, a member or supporter of the IRA. Israel repeats that the arrest of  Muireagin was "unfortunate", but refuses to apologise. Israel's treatment of  Muireagin is strongly criticised in Ireland. SDLP ex-minister Sean Farren states that  Muireagin is "well known and respected" in Northern Ireland.](/news/2003/07/17/in-a-press-conference-in-belfast-journalist-sean-o-muireagain-denies-israeli-claims-that-suspected-him-of-being-a-real-ira-activist-he-st.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
