### [2010-01-9](/news/2010/01/9/index.md)

# British MP and MLA Iris Robinson is expelled by the Democratic Unionist Party after further details emerge of her involvement in a political and sex scandal. 

Iris Robinson’s young lover Kirk McCambley has become an unlikely icon for the gay community.


### Source:

1. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/iris-robinsons-lover-kirk-mccambley-becomes-instant-gay-pinup-14629029.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2010/jan/09/iris-robinson-expelled-dup-northenr-ireland)

### Related:

1. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells ''The Sunday Times'' that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Iris Robinson_
2. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and  Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
3. [The UK Independence Party (UKIP)'s only MP, Douglas Carswell, quits the party to become an independent MP. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-uk-independence-party-ukip-s-only-mp-douglas-carswell-quits-the-party-to-become-an-independent-mp.md) _Context: MP_
4. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
5. [Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers PS490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-democratic-unionist-party-of-a-failed.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
6. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
7. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: MP_
8. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: MP_
9. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
10. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: MP_
