### [2016-12-1](/news/2016/12/1/index.md)

# Despite criticism by UN Special Envoy for Yemen, 42 cabinet members of the National Salvation Government in Yemen have taken oath and convened its first meeting. The new government, led by the former governor of Aden Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour, vowed to help UN efforts for peace and stability in the country.

The leader of Yemen’s Houthi Ansarullah movement says the newly-formed National Salvation Government is aimed at boosting efforts to run the country’s domestic affairs and better serve the nation, saying everyone must work to pave the way for an eventual popular victory. Abdul-Malik al-Houthi made the remarks on Tuesday on the occasion of the 49th anniversary of South Yemen’s independence from Britain in the 1960s. “The formation of the National Salvation Government is of great importance as it will consolidate positions inside the country and efforts to provide service to the people,” he said, according to Yemen’s al-Masirah television. “Everyone should make efforts so the Yemeni people emerge victorious in the end.” Houthi also urged the public to hold rallies in support of the new administration and ignore efforts made by certain parties to create division among the nation’s ranks. Earlier on Tuesday, the new Yemeni government was sworn in after the Houthi Ansarullah movement and


### Source:

1. [Al Manar tv](http://english.almanar.com.lb/117643)
2. [Muslim Times](http://muslimtimes.co/2016/11/30/new-government-aimed-at-better-serving-yemenis-houthi-leader/)
3. [SABA NET](http://www.sabanews.net/en/news448199.htm)
4. [UN News Center](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=55673#.WECJYdJ94dU)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War: The United Nations announces that the warring parties in Yemen have agreed to a 72-hour ceasefire starting October 19 at 23:59 AST (4:59 EDT). ](/news/2016/10/17/yemeni-civil-war-the-united-nations-announces-that-the-warring-parties-in-yemen-have-agreed-to-a-72-hour-ceasefire-starting-october-19-at-2.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War: Following heavy pressure from world powers, Yemen's warring factions agree on an agenda for U.N.-backed peace negotiations to continue. ](/news/2016/04/26/yemeni-civil-war-following-heavy-pressure-from-world-powers-yemen-s-warring-factions-agree-on-an-agenda-for-u-n-backed-peace-negotiations.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
3. [Houthi insurgency in Yemen: Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, the United Nations special envoy for Yemen, says he welcomes the tentative truce that started at midnight Yemen time. The truce opens unhindered access for relief aid to all of Yemen. Peace talks are set to start later this month. ](/news/2016/04/11/houthi-insurgency-in-yemen-yemeni-crisis-2011-present-ismail-ould-cheikh-ahmed-the-united-nations-special-envoy-for-yemen-says-he-we.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
4. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United Nations advises that Yemeni peace talks will start on December 15. ](/news/2015/12/5/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-nations-advises-that-yemeni-peace-talks-will-start-on-december-15.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Crisis: The United Nations Security Council expressed -deep concern- at the number of violations of Yemen-s ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/yemeni-crisis-the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-deep-concern-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemen-s-ceasefire-u-n-env.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: An Arab coalition air-strike on a wedding party in Wahijah, a village near the Red Sea port city of Mocha in southern Yemen, reportedly leaves as many as 131 people dead, making it the deadliest coalition attack on Yemeni civilians in the conflict so far. The UN general secretary condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/09/28/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-arab-coalition-air-strike-on-a-wedding-party-in-wahijah-a-village-near-the-red-sea-port-city-of.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Civil War: The United Nations warns that humanitarian efforts in Yemen could end within days unless the Houthis allow distribution of fuel. ](/news/2015/05/1/yemeni-civil-war-the-united-nations-warns-that-humanitarian-efforts-in-yemen-could-end-within-days-unless-the-houthis-allow-distribution-of.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
9. [Jamal Benomar resigns as the United Nations peace envoy to Yemen after losing support from the Gulf nations. ](/news/2015/04/15/jamal-benomar-resigns-as-the-united-nations-peace-envoy-to-yemen-after-losing-support-from-the-gulf-nations.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
10. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen.md) _Context: Yemen_
