### [2016-12-1](/news/2016/12/1/index.md)

# Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-missiles-idUSKBN13P2TD)

### Related:

1. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
2. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia-Ukraine relations: Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/ukrainian-crisis-russia-ukraine-relations-russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian crisis_
4. [Russia-European Union relations: Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/russia-european-union-relations-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-mosc.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
5. [Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): The United States extends sanctions against Russia over its military intervention in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/03/3/russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-the-united-states-extends-sanctions-against-russia-over-its-military-intervention.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, its intervention in Ukraine_
6. [Ukrainian crisis: Crimea is without power after transmission towers in Ukraine's Kherson Oblast were blown up by unknown people. The Crimean Emergencies Ministry declares a state of emergency due to the power outage and puts rescue teams on high alert. ](/news/2015/11/21/ukrainian-crisis-crimea-is-without-power-after-transmission-towers-in-ukraine-s-kherson-oblast-were-blown-up-by-unknown-people-the-crimean.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
7. [A Federal Security Service court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea, amid allegations of torture and U.S. claims that he is being held hostage in Russia after having been abducted from Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2015/08/25/a-federal-security-service-court-in-russia-sentences-ukrainian-film-director-oleg-sentsov-to-20-years-in-prison-for-plotting-terrorist-acts.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine_
8. [2014 Crimean crisis - Simferopol Incident: Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-simferopol-incident-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promo.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine_
9. [Ukrainian crisis: DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
10. [Ukrainian crisis: Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-crisis-ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
