### [2009-03-4](/news/2009/03/4/index.md)

#  The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/africa/03/04/sudan.president.darfur.charges/)

### Related:

1. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, conflict_
2. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
3. [Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-crimes-in-d.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
4. [Judges at the International Criminal Court rule that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir could face charges of genocide over the War in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/3/judges-at-the-international-criminal-court-rule-that-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-face-charges-of-genocide-over-the-war-in-darfur.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, conflict_
5. [ National Islamic Front founder Hassan al-Turabi is released after seven weeks of incarceration for suggesting that Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir should surrender to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2009/03/9/national-islamic-front-founder-hassan-al-turabi-is-released-after-seven-weeks-of-incarceration-for-suggesting-that-sudanese-president-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
6. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
7. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
8. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
9. [Hundreds of delegates meet in Doha, Qatar, to raise funds to rebuild the Sudanese region of Darfur, that has been racked by conflict. ](/news/2013/04/7/hundreds-of-delegates-meet-in-doha-qatar-to-raise-funds-to-rebuild-the-sudanese-region-of-darfur-that-has-been-racked-by-conflict.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, conflict_
10. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
