### [2009-03-4](/news/2009/03/4/index.md)

#  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas meet in the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/7922750.stm)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, United States, West Bank_
2. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, United States, United States Secretary of State_
3. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States, United States Secretary of State_
4. [The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas to discuss an extension of the Middle East peace process. ](/news/2010/09/24/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-meets-with-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-to-discuss.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, United States_
6. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States, United States Secretary of State, West Bank_
7. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, West Bank_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [Former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton officially announces her support for same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/03/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-officially-announces-her-support-for-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States, United States Secretary of State_
