### [2004-02-25](/news/2004/02/25/index.md)

#  Guantanamo Bay: The Pentagon announces that the first charges are to be filed against two of the six hundred detainees of the detention camp, but human rights groups have had their request to observe the military tribunals turned down. The defendants are named as Ali Hamza Ahmad Sulayman al-Bahlul and Ibrahim Ahmed Mahmoud al Qosi, both alleged to be Al-Qaeda members and charged with "conspiracy to commit war crimes". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3487958.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3518653.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Human rights, al-Qaeda_
2. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: United States military, al-Qaeda_
3. [ The U.S. Pentagon says that the CIA has arrested a senior al-Qaeda operative, Abdul Hadi al Iraqi, and transferred him to the Guantanamo Bay detention center. ](/news/2007/04/27/the-u-s-pentagon-says-that-the-cia-has-arrested-a-senior-al-qaeda-operative-abdul-hadi-al-iraqi-and-transferred-him-to-the-guantanamo-ba.md) _Context: United States military, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Amnesty International has urged foreign governments to investigate high level US government officials for human rights violations committed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay.](/news/2005/05/30/amnesty-international-has-urged-foreign-governments-to-investigate-high-level-us-government-officials-for-human-rights-violations-committed.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Human rights_
5. [ Prime Minister Tony Blair is under pressure from British human rights groups and MPs because of the government's sweeping powers under the Anti-Terrorism Crime and Security Act, which have allowed the detention of 14 foreign terrorist suspects in the UK at what has been described as 'Britain's Guantanamo Bay'. ](/news/2004/02/21/prime-minister-tony-blair-is-under-pressure-from-british-human-rights-groups-and-mps-because-of-the-government-s-sweeping-powers-under-the.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Human rights_
6. [ Human rights: Amnesty International has released a 74-page report accusing the Israel Defense Forces of war crimes and human rights violations.](/news/2002/11/4/human-rights-amnesty-international-has-released-a-74-page-report-accusing-the-israel-defense-forces-of-war-crimes-and-human-rights-violati.md) _Context: Human rights, war crime_
7. [ September 11 attacks: Planes are hijacked by al-Qaeda members and flown into the World Trade Center in New York City, The Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,996 people.](/news/2001/09/11/september-11-attacks-planes-are-hijacked-by-al-qaeda-members-and-flown-into-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-and-a-f.md) _Context: United States military, al-Qaeda_
8. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: war crime_
9. [The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing-from-the-bombing.md) _Context: United States military_
10. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: war crime_
