### [2004-02-25](/news/2004/02/25/index.md)

#  The controversial film, "The Passion of the Christ" opens in theaters in the United States. Jewish leaders fear the film will stoke antisemitism, while some Christians laud the realistic depiction of the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus. 




### Source:

1. [KAKE](http://www.kake.com/home/headlines/653662.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A2863-2004Feb24.html)

### Related:

1. [The Woody Harrelson biopic "Lost in London" makes history as the first full-length feature film to be filmed and theatrically released simultaneously. ](/news/2017/01/20/the-woody-harrelson-biopic-lost-in-london-makes-history-as-the-first-full-length-feature-film-to-be-filmed-and-theatrically-released-simul.md) _Context: theatrically_
2. [A new 28-foot tall statue of Jesus, dubbed "Jesus de Greatest," is unveiled on New Year's Day outside St. Aloysius Catholic Church in Abajah village, Nigeria's Imo state, which is described as the tallest Jesus statue in Africa. ](/news/2016/01/1/a-new-28-foot-tall-statue-of-jesus-dubbed-jesus-de-greatest-is-unveiled-on-new-year-s-day-outside-st-aloysius-catholic-church-in-abajah.md) _Context: Jesus_
3. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: antisemitism_
4. [The site where Jesus may have been tried, prior to his crucifixion, opens to the public for the first time located under an abandoned prison building, called Kishle, that is part of the Tower of David Museum ground in the Old City of Jerusalem, Israel. ](/news/2015/01/5/the-site-where-jesus-may-have-been-tried-prior-to-his-crucifixion-opens-to-the-public-for-the-first-time-located-under-an-abandoned-prison.md) _Context: Jesus_
5. [Vice President of Iran Mohammad-Reza Rahimi delivers an anti-Semitic speech at a United Nations conference on the illegal drug trade saying that a central Jewish text, the Talmud, was responsible for the spread of illegal drugs around the world; his speech draws condemnation from U.N. and the European Union diplomats. ](/news/2012/06/28/vice-president-of-iran-mohammad-reza-rahimi-delivers-an-anti-semitic-speech-at-a-united-nations-conference-on-the-illegal-drug-trade-saying.md) _Context: antisemitism_
6. [The German film agency FSK (Voluntary Self-Regulation of the Movie Industry) permits the showing of the reportedly anti-Israel and anti-Semitic Turkish film, "Valley of the Wolves: Palestine", with an over 18 age restriction, saying it contains "propaganda tendencies" and "repetitive violence." The film, based on events surrounding last May's Gaza flotilla raid, has opened in cinemas in Turkey and Austria. ](/news/2011/01/28/the-german-film-agency-fsk-voluntary-self-regulation-of-the-movie-industry-permits-the-showing-of-the-reportedly-anti-israel-and-anti-semi.md) _Context: antisemitism_
7. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Israel) announces that it will boycott Durban III (World Conference against Racism), the 2011 United Nations summit commemorating the tenth anniversary of the World Conference against Racism 2001, due to the conference's "anti-Semitic undertones and displays of hatred for Israel and the Jewish world," a day after the UN General Assembly approved a resolution, by a vote of 104 to 22, with 33 abstentions, to hold the summit in September 2011; Canada has already announced that it will also not attend, calling it a "charade". ](/news/2010/12/26/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-israel-announces-that-it-will-boycott-durban-iii-world-conference-against-racism-the-2011-united-nation.md) _Context: antisemitism_
8. [Concerns are held about a cult-like group of Salvadoran migrants to the United States in Palmdale, California, who have gone missing after leaving a note that they were going to meet Jesus. They are later found alive in a park. ](/news/2010/09/19/concerns-are-held-about-a-cult-like-group-of-salvadoran-migrants-to-the-united-states-in-palmdale-california-who-have-gone-missing-after-l.md) _Context: Jesus_
9. [Lebanon cancels an Iranian made television series about Jesus after complaints from Christian leaders and the public. ](/news/2010/08/13/lebanon-cancels-an-iranian-made-television-series-about-jesus-after-complaints-from-christian-leaders-and-the-public.md) _Context: Jesus_
10. [Atheist Ireland purposefully publishes the words of Jesus Christ, Muhammad, Salman Rushdie, Mark Twain and Pope Benedict XVI on its website despite a new law banning them on grounds of blasphemy. ](/news/2010/01/2/atheist-ireland-purposefully-publishes-the-words-of-jesus-christ-muhammad-salman-rushdie-mark-twain-and-pope-benedict-xvi-on-its-website.md) _Context: Jesus_
