### [2016-04-9](/news/2016/04/9/index.md)

# Mohamed Abrini has reportedly admitted to being the "man in the hat" sought after the Brussels bombings. He is also being charged with involvement in the November 2015 Paris attacks. 

 Mohamed Abrini, who was arrested in Brussels, has admitted to being the third would-be suicide bomber at Brussels Airport 


### Source:

1. [BNO News](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id4063)
1. [Cover Image](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/615514275864444928/VI9Hcg1j_400x400.png)

### Related:

1. [ Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-brussels-bombing-also-three.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
2. [Six people are arrested in Belgium including:Mohamed Abrini, wanted in connection with the 2015 Paris attacks, is arrested in Belgium. ](/news/2016/04/8/six-people-are-arrested-in-belgium-including-mohamed-abrini-wanted-in-connection-with-the-2015-paris-attacks-is-arrested-in-belgium.md) _Context: Mohamed Abrini, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [Police in Brussels, Belgium arrest multiple right-wing and anti-racist protesters, with riot squads engaged in a tense confrontation with local youths in the district of Sint-Jans-Molenbeek. A standoff grew when far-right protesters faced a counter-demonstration, despite protests being banned by local authorities who were fearful of last Sunday's event, in which police forcefully dispersed a right-wing protest with water cannons. ](/news/2016/04/2/police-in-brussels-belgium-arrest-multiple-right-wing-and-anti-racist-protesters-with-riot-squads-engaged-in-a-tense-confrontation-with-lo.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels_
4. [At least 7,000 people take to the streets of Brussels, Belgium, in a march "against terror and hate." However, turnout was less than half of what was hoped for by organizers. ](/news/2016/04/17/at-least-7-000-people-take-to-the-streets-of-brussels-belgium-in-a-march-against-terror-and-hate-however-turnout-was-less-than-half-of.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels_
5. [Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-that-shook-brussels-last-march-galant-resig.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels_
6. [Police in Brussels, Belgium, forcibly break up an apparent far-right demonstration with water cannons after they joined a crowd of people paying tribute to the victims of the bombings. The demonstrators claim to have marched against terrorism but police intervened when the demonstrators confronted Muslim women and made Nazi salutes. ](/news/2016/03/27/police-in-brussels-belgium-forcibly-break-up-an-apparent-far-right-demonstration-with-water-cannons-after-they-joined-a-crowd-of-people-pa.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels_
7. [Six suspects are arrested in the Brussels Schaerbeek district. ](/news/2016/03/25/six-suspects-are-arrested-in-the-brussels-schaerbeek-district.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels bombings, Brussels_
8. [Belgian security forces hunt gunmen linked to the November 2015 Paris attacks following a raid on a house in Brussels which left four officers wounded and one suspect dead after an exchange of gunfire. Roads have been blocked off in the Belgian capital's southern suburb of Forest as one or more gunmen remain at large. ](/news/2016/03/15/belgian-security-forces-hunt-gunmen-linked-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-following-a-raid-on-a-house-in-brussels-which-left-four-office.md) _Context: Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
9. [Two Belgian policewomen and eight soldiers reportedly held an orgy at a police station in the Brussels neighbourhood of Ganshoren while colleagues hunted for the Paris terror attacks suspects. The police station was near Molenbeek, where anti-terror raids had been taking place. Police spokesman, Johan Berckmans, said "we have launched an investigation to find out what exactly happened". ](/news/2015/12/30/two-belgian-policewomen-and-eight-soldiers-reportedly-held-an-orgy-at-a-police-station-in-the-brussels-neighbourhood-of-ganshoren-while-coll.md) _Context: Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
10. [Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel announces Brussels remains on the highest state of alert; concern a new, Paris-style mass attack may be imminent. ](/news/2015/11/22/belgian-prime-minister-charles-michel-announces-brussels-remains-on-the-highest-state-of-alert-concern-a-new-paris-style-mass-attack-may-b.md) _Context: Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
