### [2016-04-9](/news/2016/04/9/index.md)

# Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla announces he declared a state of emergency at the Commonwealth's Government Development Bank yesterday, which allows withdrawals only to fund necessary costs for health, public safety, and education services. Without this measure and debt restructuring, the United States territory would be forced to default as it faces nearly $2.5 billion in bond payments from May through July. 

The order allows withdrawals only to fund necessary costs for health, public safety and education services.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/puerto-rico-governor-declares-emergency-at-government-development-bank/2016/04/09/f4042004-fe8e-11e5-9140-e61d062438bb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Puerto Rican government-debt crisis: Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rican-government-debt-crisis-puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padi.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla, Governor of Puerto Rico_
2. [Puerto Rican government-debt crisis: Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rican-government-debt-crisis-puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bon.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla, Governor of Puerto Rico_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United States accepts a petition by five people from American Samoa arguing that people born in this U.S. territory are entitled to U.S citizenship under the United States Constitution. The State Department currently opposes this idea. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-accepts-a-petition-by-five-people-from-american-samoa-arguing-that-people-born-in-this-u-s-territory.md) _Context: U.S. territory_
4. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: Government Development Bank_
5. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: U.S. territory_
6. [Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla indicates Puerto Rico will default on bonds issued by the island-s Infrastructure Financing Authority and Public Finance Corporation. ](/news/2015/12/30/governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-indicates-puerto-rico-will-default-on-bonds-issued-by-the-island-s-infrastructure-financing-authority-a.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla_
7. [ Puerto Rico government debt crisis: Standard & Poor's cut the credit rating of Puerto Rico's Government Development Bank to 'CC', saying a near-term default is a virtual certainty. ](/news/2015/07/15/puerto-rico-government-debt-crisis-standard-poor-s-cut-the-credit-rating-of-puerto-rico-s-government-development-bank-to-cc-saying-a.md) _Context: Government Development Bank_
8. [Puerto Rico government-debt crisis: Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla said the region has failed attempts and is unable to pay off the $72 billion debt. ](/news/2015/06/29/puerto-rico-government-debt-crisis-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-said-the-region-has-failed-attempts-and-is-unable-to-pay-off-the-72.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla_
9. [The Governor of Puerto Rico, Alejandro Garca Padilla, says that Puerto Rico's debts are "not payable". ](/news/2015/06/28/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcia-padilla-says-that-puerto-rico-s-debts-are-not-payable.md) _Context: Governor of Puerto Rico_
10. [Luis Fortuo, the Governor of the US Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, submits a plan for a two-part referendum to change the islands's status. ](/news/2011/10/5/luis-fortuno-the-governor-of-the-us-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-submits-a-plan-for-a-two-part-referendum-to-change-the-islands-s-status.md) _Context: Governor of Puerto Rico_
