### [2002-11-15](/news/2002/11/15/index.md)

# The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.




### Related:

1. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
2. [ Chinese President Hu Jintao shakes hands with Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association leader Liu Bainian at a party-sponsored New Year's tea party. ](/news/2008/01/20/chinese-president-hu-jintao-shakes-hands-with-chinese-patriotic-catholic-association-leader-liu-bainian-at-a-party-sponsored-new-year-s-tea.md) _Context: Chinese President, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
3. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
4. [ General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Jiang Zemin announced several key policies at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Beijing. Although Marxism-Leninism would remain the official ideology of China, entrepreneurs and people in unconventional occupations, who are building "socialism with Chinese characteristics", would have a voice in establishing Communist Party ideology. Mr. Jiang is preparing to yield the position of General Secretary of the Party to Hu Jintao, but will maintain the presidency.](/news/2002/11/8/general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-jiang-zemin-announced-several-key-policies-at-the-16th-national-congress-of-the-communist.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
5. [General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China Xi Jinping will make his first state visit to the United States next September. ](/news/2015/02/11/general-secretary-of-the-central-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-xi-jinping-will-make-his-first-state-visit-to-the-united-states-n.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Communist Party of China_
6. [The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. ](/news/2012/11/8/the-18th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-opened-in-beijing-during-which-current-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-expected.md) _Context: Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
7. [A Tibetan activist sets himself on fire at a demonstration in India's capital New Delhi ahead of a visit by the President of China Hu Jintao later in the week. ](/news/2012/03/26/a-tibetan-activist-sets-himself-on-fire-at-a-demonstration-in-india-s-capital-new-delhi-ahead-of-a-visit-by-the-president-of-china-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
8. [President of China Hu Jintao warns of attempts to "westernise" the country by "hostile powers". ](/news/2012/01/2/president-of-china-hu-jintao-warns-of-attempts-to-westernise-the-country-by-hostile-powers.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
9. [Human rights groups send an open letter to the President of the People's Republic of China, Hu Jintao, pressing the Chinese government to address the underlying causes of protests that have led 11 Tibetans to set themselves on fire since March. ](/news/2011/11/8/human-rights-groups-send-an-open-letter-to-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-pressing-the-chinese-government-to-ad.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
10. [The People's Republic of China dismisses reports of the death of former President Jiang Zemin as "pure rumour". ](/news/2011/07/7/the-people-s-republic-of-china-dismisses-reports-of-the-death-of-former-president-jiang-zemin-as-pure-rumour.md) _Context: Chinese President, Jiang Zemin_
