### [2005-01-14](/news/2005/01/14/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/4B23CBA7-926A-4935-B870-61987A9694DD.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4174687.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Seven Palestinians are killed when an Israeli tank opens fire on farmland in the northern Gaza Strip. Palestinian presidential candidate and Fatah leader Mahmoud Abbas responds to the deaths with a strong verbal attack on the "Zionist enemy" Israel. Six of the dead were from the same family, including an 11-year-old boy. All the dead were civilians younger than 18. ](/news/2005/01/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-seven-palestinians-are-killed-when-an-israeli-tank-opens-fire-on-farmland-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-pales.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinians_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinians_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians, West Bank_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
6. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
7. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians, West Bank_
8. [ Israel begins the Gaza Strip pullout plan. The Kissufim Roadblock was shut down at midnight between August 14 and August 15. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hailed the move as "historic" but said Israel should also pull out of the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/15/israel-begins-the-gaza-strip-pullout-plan-the-kissufim-roadblock-was-shut-down-at-midnight-between-august-14-and-august-15-palestinian-le.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
9. [ Israel announces that it will ban Palestinians from the West Bank and Gaza Strip from entering Israel during the upcoming Purim holiday. ](/news/2005/03/23/israel-announces-that-it-will-ban-palestinians-from-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-from-entering-israel-during-the-upcoming-purim-holiday.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians, West Bank_
10. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
