### [2007-08-21](/news/2007/08/21/index.md)

#  Dr Mohamed Haneef wins his bid in the Federal Court to have his Australian work visa reinstated after Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews canceled it after Dr Haneef was charged with "providing material support to a terrorist organization." [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/21/2010804.htm (ABC News Australia)] Andrews later says the Australian government would appeal against the court ruling. 




### Related:

1. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: Australia, Mohamed Haneef, terrorist, visa-free travel_
2. [ The Australian Government files appeal against court decision to set aside Indian doctor Mohamed Haneef visa cancellation. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-australian-government-files-appeal-against-court-decision-to-set-aside-indian-doctor-mohamed-haneef-visa-cancellation.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, visa-free travel_
3. [ Philip Ruddock, the Attorney-General of Australia, appoints Federal Court judge Susan Kiefel to the High Court of Australia. ](/news/2007/08/13/philip-ruddock-the-attorney-general-of-australia-appoints-federal-court-judge-susan-kiefel-to-the-high-court-of-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Federal Court of Australia_
4. [The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade warns of an imminent terrorist threat in Indonesia. ](/news/2007/07/8/the-australian-department-of-foreign-affairs-and-trade-warns-of-an-imminent-terrorist-threat-in-indonesia.md) _Context: Australia, terrorist_
5. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: Australia, Mohamed Haneef_
6. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef, the Indian doctor freed in Australia of supporting terrorism, indicates that he would like to return to India as soon as possible. He later received clearance from the Australian Government to leave tonight. ](/news/2007/07/28/dr-mohamed-haneef-the-indian-doctor-freed-in-australia-of-supporting-terrorism-indicates-that-he-would-like-to-return-to-india-as-soon-as.md) _Context: Australia, Mohamed Haneef_
7. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, terrorist_
8. [ The United States and Australia issue travel advisories warning their citizens not to go to the Philippines due to a potentially imminent terrorist threat. ](/news/2007/04/21/the-united-states-and-australia-issue-travel-advisories-warning-their-citizens-not-to-go-to-the-philippines-due-to-a-potentially-imminent-t.md) _Context: Australia, terrorist_
9. [ In Australia, 104-year-old Chinese widow Cui Yu Hu, who has lived in the country for 10 years, loses an appeal to receive a permanent visa. She has asked immigration minister Amanda Vanstone to intervene. ](/news/2005/03/8/in-australia-104-year-old-chinese-widow-cui-yu-hu-who-has-lived-in-the-country-for-10-years-loses-an-appeal-to-receive-a-permanent-visa.md) _Context: Australia, visa-free travel_
10. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
