### [2006-05-22](/news/2006/05/22/index.md)

#  U.S. congressman William J. Jefferson (D-La) refuses to resign, as he denies allegations of bribery after an FBI weekend raid of his office. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/us/AP-Congressman-Probe.html?hp&ex=1148356800&en=b424ef0f85199143&ei=5094&partner=homepage)

### Related:

1. [ American politician William J. Jefferson, former Democratic Party Congressman from the U.S. state of Louisiana, is sentenced to 13 years in prison for corruption. ](/news/2009/11/13/american-politician-william-j-jefferson-former-democratic-party-congressman-from-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-is-sentenced-to-13-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic, Louisiana, United States Congress, William J. Jefferson_
2. [ William J. Jefferson is reelected as the member for Louisiana's 2nd congressional district in a runoff election defeating fellow Democrat Karen Carter despite facing an ongoing bribery investigation. ](/news/2006/12/9/william-j-jefferson-is-reelected-as-the-member-for-louisiana-s-2nd-congressional-district-in-a-runoff-election-defeating-fellow-democrat-k.md) _Context: Democratic, William J. Jefferson, bribes_
3. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Congress_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Congress_
5. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2016: John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2016-john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to.md) _Context: Democratic, Louisiana_
6. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: FBI, United States Congress_
7. [The American Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating claims that the Hillary Clinton campaign has been hacked as part of recent cyber-attacks on the Democrats. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-american-federal-bureau-of-investigation-is-investigating-claims-that-the-hillary-clinton-campaign-has-been-hacked-as-part-of-recent-cyb.md) _Context: Democratic, FBI_
8. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015: Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winne.md) _Context: Democratic, Louisiana_
9. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Congress_
10. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2014: Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing Louisiana in the United States Senate to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2014-democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-unite.md) _Context: Democratic, Louisiana_
