### [2016-01-21](/news/2016/01/21/index.md)

# A British inquiry alleges that Russian President Vladimir Putin "probably" personally approved the FSB's murder of Alexander Litvinenko in November 2006 based on findings from a public enquiry. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.edition.cnn.com/2016/01/21/europe/litvinenko-inquest-report/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs an amendment to Russia's law regarding the regulation of the use of weapons, giving the FSB the authority to use lethal force on crowds in order to "prevent acts of terrorism, rescue hostages, or repel attacks on public buildings." ](/news/2015/12/31/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-an-amendment-to-russia-s-law-regarding-the-regulation-of-the-use-of-weapons-giving-the-fsb-the-autho.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Vladimir Putin_
2. [ Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, accuses the United Kingdom of "colonial thinking" for wishing to extradite Andrei Lugovoi to face trial for the alleged murder of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2007/07/24/vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-accuses-the-united-kingdom-of-colonial-thinking-for-wishing-to-extradite-andrei-lugovoi-to-face.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ Peter Hain, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland criticizes "murky murders" associated with Vladimir Putin's regime in Russia following the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2006/11/26/peter-hain-the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-criticizes-murky-murders-associated-with-vladimir-putin-s-regime-in-russia-follow.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ In the last statement before his death, poisoned former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko accuses Russian president Vladimir Putin of his murder. ](/news/2006/11/24/in-the-last-statement-before-his-death-poisoned-former-russian-spy-alexander-litvinenko-accuses-russian-president-vladimir-putin-of-his-mu.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/russia-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrabl.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
6. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
8. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
