### [2016-01-21](/news/2016/01/21/index.md)

# Local Tajikistan police  have shaved nearly 13,000 men's beards, closed more than 150 shops selling traditional Muslim clothing, and convinced around 1,800 women and girls to stop wearing headscarves in 2015 as part of a campaign to eradicate foreign influences in the former Soviet Republic. 




### Source:

1. [TIME](http://time.com/4188161/tajikistan-shave-islam-radicalization-muslim/)
2. [Al Jazeera via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/tajikistan-shaves-13000-mens-beards-to-end-radicalism/ar-BBovl3F?li=BBnb7Kz&ocid=iehp)

### Related:

1. [The Turkish government lifts the ban prohibiting female army officers from wearing a Hijab. The military is the last Turkish institution to end the ban. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-turkish-government-lifts-the-ban-prohibiting-female-army-officers-from-wearing-a-hijab-the-military-is-the-last-turkish-institution-to.md) _Context: Hijab_
2. [Several avalanches in Gorno-Badakhshan, Tajikistan, caused by heavy snowfall over the weekend, leave at least seven people dead. ](/news/2017/01/30/several-avalanches-in-gorno-badakhshan-tajikistan-caused-by-heavy-snowfall-over-the-weekend-leave-at-least-seven-people-dead.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
3. [  The Tajikistani constitutional referendum results in the removal of term limits of incumbent President Emomali Rahmon. ](/news/2016/05/23/the-tajikistani-constitutional-referendum-results-in-the-removal-of-term-limits-of-incumbent-president-emomali-rahmon.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
4. [Voters in Tajikistan go to the polls for a referendum to make various amendments to the constitution which include, among other things, the elimination of term limits to allow President Emomali Rahmon and only him to run again for office and lowering the presidential age limit from 35 to 30, which observers believe will position Rahmon's son Rustam Emomali for future succession. ](/news/2016/05/22/voters-in-tajikistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-to-make-various-amendments-to-the-constitution-which-include-among-other-things-the.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
5. [Kazakhstan police detain dozens of protesters during  rallies against proposed land reforms in the former Central Asian Soviet Republic. ](/news/2016/05/21/kazakhstan-police-detain-dozens-of-protesters-during-rallies-against-proposed-land-reforms-in-the-former-central-asian-soviet-republic.md) _Context: Soviet Republic_
6. [Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse  and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from  three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested  on Sunday against the current government  and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-and-keep-the-former-soviet-rep.md) _Context: Soviet Republic_
7. [ A powerful,  magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and  Afghanistan. No damage or  casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines.  ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-ca.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
8. [At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes  made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-after-a-6-3-magnitude-ear.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
9. [The governments of Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei ban celebrations of Christmas, with punishments ranging up to a five-year jail term. Each country has a majority-Muslim population. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-governments-of-somalia-tajikistan-and-brunei-ban-celebrations-of-christmas-with-punishments-ranging-up-to-a-five-year-jail-term-each.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
10. [Taliban insurgents seize the Darqad District in the northeast Takhar Province near the border with Tajikistan. At least six Afghan troops are killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/28/taliban-insurgents-seize-the-darqad-district-in-the-northeast-takhar-province-near-the-border-with-tajikistan-at-least-six-afghan-troops-ar.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
