### [2016-01-21](/news/2016/01/21/index.md)

# Two former Presidents of Burundi call for the United Nations Security Council to authorise the use of peacekeeping troops in Burundi to prevent a potential civil war. 

Two former Burundi presidents pleaded for the United Nations Security Council on Thursday to back the deployment of international troops to the African state gripped by political violence because it &quot;runs the risk of becoming another Rwanda&quot;


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-burundi-unrest-un-idUSKCN0UZ2Y7)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian unrest (2015-present), United Nations Security Council_
2. [A senior Burundian Army general, Athanase Kararuza, an ethnic Tutsi and security advisor to Burundi Vice-President Gaston Sindimwo, is shot dead by heavily armed men  in the capital Bujumbura. ](/news/2016/04/25/a-senior-burundian-army-general-athanase-kararuza-an-ethnic-tutsi-and-security-advisor-to-burundi-vice-president-gaston-sindimwo-is-shot.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian unrest (2015-present)_
3. [The European Union suspends direct financial aid to Burundi after concluding that the Burundian authorities had not done enough to find a political solution to the ongoing conflict occurring in the country. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-european-union-suspends-direct-financial-aid-to-burundi-after-concluding-that-the-burundian-authorities-had-not-done-enough-to-find-a-po.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian unrest (2015-present)_
4. [The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civilians-caught-up-in-the.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
5. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Voters in Burundi go to the polls for a presidential election amidst gunfire and violence with President Pierre Nkurunziza seeking a third term and opposition parties boycotting the election. At least two people have been killed in election violence. ](/news/2015/07/21/voters-in-burundi-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-amidst-gunfire-and-violence-with-president-pierre-nkurunziza-seeking-a-third-t.md) _Context: Burundi, Presidents_
7. [The East African Community calls on Burundi to postpone its presidential election due to unrest sparked by the decision by President Pierre Nkurunziza to run for a third term. ](/news/2015/05/31/the-east-african-community-calls-on-burundi-to-postpone-its-presidential-election-due-to-unrest-sparked-by-the-decision-by-president-pierre.md) _Context: Burundi, Presidents_
8. [The Burundi opposition suspends talks with the Government of President Pierre Nkurunziza following the assassination of opposition leader Zedi Feruzi of the Union for Peace and Development party yesterday. ](/news/2015/05/24/the-burundi-opposition-suspends-talks-with-the-government-of-president-pierre-nkurunziza-following-the-assassination-of-opposition-leader-ze.md) _Context: Burundi, Presidents_
9. [Thirteen soldiers in Burundi have been arrested for allegedly plotting a coup to overthrow President Pierre Nkurunziza. ](/news/2010/01/31/thirteen-soldiers-in-burundi-have-been-arrested-for-allegedly-plotting-a-coup-to-overthrow-president-pierre-nkurunziza.md) _Context: Burundi, Presidents_
10. [ The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to withdraw the 3,500 peacekeeping troops who are currently in Burundi on December 31, despite the continuing activities of the National Liberation Force rebel group. ](/news/2006/07/1/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-unanimously-to-withdraw-the-3-500-peacekeeping-troops-who-are-currently-in-burundi-on-december-31.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
