### [2005-08-24](/news/2005/08/24/index.md)

#  American televangelist and former Presidential candidate, Pat Robertson apologizes for calling for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://news.ft.com/cms/s/c884db6a-14ef-11da-9df1-00000e2511c8.html)

### Related:

1. [ Christian religious leader Pat Robertson, a televangelist and former candidate for President of the United States, calls on the U.S. to kill Hugo Chvez, the President of Venezuela.([http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050823/ap_on_re_us/robertson_assassination;_ylt=AnCN8Y8NH11lNpGiEoXCiHes0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3b2NibDltBHNlYwM3MTY- Yahoo! News] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))) [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4177664.stm (BBC)] [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory?id=1062445 (ABC)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/23/christian-religious-leader-pat-robertson-a-televangelist-and-former-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states-calls-on-the-u-s-to-kil.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Pat Robertson, assassinated, televangelist_
2. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez threatens to take legal action against Pat Robertson and potentially seek his extradition after the U.S. evangelist called for the assassination the South American leader. ](/news/2005/08/28/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-threatens-to-take-legal-action-against-pat-robertson-and-potentially-seek-his-extradition-after-the-u-s-e.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Pat Robertson, assassinated_
3. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: assassinated_
4. [War in Afghanistan. The Vice President of Afghanistan, Abdul Rashid Dostum, survives yet another assassination attempt. ](/news/2016/10/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-vice-president-of-afghanistan-abdul-rashid-dostum-survives-yet-another-assassination-attempt.md) _Context: assassinated_
5. [Russia-Spain relations. A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: assassinated_
6. [Mexican Drug War. Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/mexican-drug-war-two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination.md) _Context: assassinated_
7. [2015 Burundian unrest. Burundi's army chief General Prime Niyongabo survives an assassination attempt after armed men attacked his motorcade on a busy road in the capital, Bujumbura. Six people are killed in the attack. ](/news/2015/09/11/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-army-chief-general-prime-niyongabo-survives-an-assassination-attempt-after-armed-men-attacked-his-motorcade.md) _Context: assassinated_
8. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez returns home after undergoing cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2013/02/18/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-returns-home-after-undergoing-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez_
9. [Hugo Chvez, the President of Venezuela, announces that he has cancer again. Preparing to travel to Havana, Cuba, for further cancer surgery, he named Vice President Nicols Maduro to carry out his legacy if he is unable to remain in office. ](/news/2012/12/8/hugo-chavez-the-president-of-venezuela-announces-that-he-has-cancer-again-preparing-to-travel-to-havana-cuba-for-further-cancer-surgery.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez_
10. [Hugo Chvez, the President of Venezuela, undergoes cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2012/12/11/hugo-chavez-the-president-of-venezuela-undergoes-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez_
