### [2003-08-16](/news/2003/08/16/index.md)

#  Idi Amin, whose eight years as president of Uganda were characterized by bizarre and murderous behavior, died in Saudi Arabia.




### Related:

1. [ Former Ugandan dictator Idi Amin is in a coma at a hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and Uganda has refused permission for him to return.](/news/2003/07/20/former-ugandan-dictator-idi-amin-is-in-a-coma-at-a-hospital-in-jeddah-saudi-arabia-and-uganda-has-refused-permission-for-him-to-return.md) _Context: Idi Amin, Saudi Arabia, Uganda_
2. [ In Uganda, police find the body of Shaban Kirunda Nkutu, killed in 1973 during the reign of Idi Amin. ](/news/2005/01/31/in-uganda-police-find-the-body-of-shaban-kirunda-nkutu-killed-in-1973-during-the-reign-of-idi-amin.md) _Context: Idi Amin, Uganda_
3. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
4. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
5. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: President_
7. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
