### [2016-05-2](/news/2016/05/2/index.md)

# A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. 

A UN arbitration tribunal has ruled in favour of Italian marine Girone by allowing him to return home pending the arbitration proceedings at the Hague.


### Source:

1. [Firstpost](http://www.firstpost.com/india/italian-marine-italy-un-arbitration-tribunal-rules-in-favour-2760774.html)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/italy-india-arbitration-marines-idINKCN0XT0SO)
3. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Italian-marine-Salvatore-Girone-can-return-home-India/articleshow/52080541.cms)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favour of Bangladesh in a border dispute with India over the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-united-nations-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favour-of-bangladesh-in-a-border-dispute-with-india-over-the-bay-of-bengal.md) _Context: India, Permanent Court of Arbitration's, United Nations_
2. [At least 13 are killed in a fire in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/11/11/at-least-13-are-killed-in-a-fire-in-new-delhi-india.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
3. [A massive fire severely damages the National Museum of Natural History in the Indian capital New Delhi. ](/news/2016/04/26/a-massive-fire-severely-damages-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-the-indian-capital-new-delhi.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
4. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
5. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this-i.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
6. [An Indian Border Security Force plane headed to Ranchi crashes just outside New Delhi, killing all 10 on board. The Super King Air turboprop aircraft hit an airport wall and landed in a small body of water. ](/news/2015/12/22/an-indian-border-security-force-plane-headed-to-ranchi-crashes-just-outside-new-delhi-killing-all-10-on-board-the-super-king-air-turboprop.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
7. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372, putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
8. [An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158-mi.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
9. [A dilapidated building collapses in the Indian capital New Delhi with eleven people killed and one injured. ](/news/2014/06/28/a-dilapidated-building-collapses-in-the-indian-capital-new-delhi-with-eleven-people-killed-and-one-injured.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
10. [At least nine people are killed and over a dozen injured when a storm hits the Indian capital New Delhi. ](/news/2014/05/30/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-over-a-dozen-injured-when-a-storm-hits-the-indian-capital-new-delhi.md) _Context: India, New Delhi_
