### [2016-05-2](/news/2016/05/2/index.md)

# Following a 2-2 draw between Chelsea F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. at Stamford Bridge, Leicester City F.C. are confirmed as champions of the Premier League for the first time in their history. Leicester City were 5000-1 outsiders at the beginning of the season. 

Leicester City have completed one of the most remarkable triumphs in sporting history by winning the 2015/16 Premier League title.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/35988673)
2. [Sky Sports](http://www.skysports.com/football/news/11712/10267194/leicester-city-confirmed-as-201516-premier-league-champions)

### Related:

1. [Chelsea lose their unbeaten league record against Manchester United as Manchester United wins 3-2 at Stamford Bridge. Referee Mark Clattenburg sends off Branislav Ivanovic and Fernando Torres. In addition, Javier Hernandez is pelted with objects after scoring the winning goal, a steward is injured and hospitalized, and Chelsea issue a formal complaint to the Premier League over the referee's alleged racial abuse of several players, including Mikel John Obi. ](/news/2012/10/28/chelsea-lose-their-unbeaten-league-record-against-manchester-united-as-manchester-united-wins-3-2-at-stamford-bridge-referee-mark-clattenbu.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., English Premier League, Stamford Bridge_
2. [Leicester City's Jamie Vardy scores in a record eleven consecutive Premier League matches after scoring against Manchester United in a 1-1 draw at the King Power Stadium, breaking former Manchester United player Ruud van Nistelrooy's record. ](/news/2015/11/28/leicester-city-s-jamie-vardy-scores-in-a-record-eleven-consecutive-premier-league-matches-after-scoring-against-manchester-united-in-a-1-1-d.md) _Context: 2015-16 Premier League, Leicester City F.C._
3. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., Tottenham Hotspur F.C._
4. [Premier League club Tottenham sack manager Harry Redknapp. ](/news/2012/06/14/premier-league-club-tottenham-sack-manager-harry-redknapp.md) _Context: English Premier League, Tottenham Hotspur F.C._
5. [Papiss Cisse fires two goals past UEFA Champions League finalists Chelsea to keep Newcastle United firmly in contention for a place in the Premier League's top four which would require Chelsea to defeat Bayern Munich in the final to qualify for next season. ](/news/2012/05/2/papiss-cissa-c-fires-two-goals-past-uefa-champions-league-finalists-chelsea-to-keep-newcastle-united-firmly-in-contention-for-a-place-in-the.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., English Premier League_
6. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., English Premier League_
7. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League_
8. [In association football, Newcastle United fine their manager Alan Pardew nearly PS100,000 for headbutting David Meyler on the opposing Hull City during a Premier League match yesterday. ](/news/2014/03/2/in-association-football-newcastle-united-fine-their-manager-alan-pardew-nearly-aps100-000-for-headbutting-david-meyler-on-the-opposing-hull.md) _Context: English Premier League_
9. [In association football, having headbutted a player for the opposing team, an unprecedented incident during a Premier League match, Alan Pardew faces the sack. ](/news/2014/03/1/in-association-football-having-headbutted-a-player-for-the-opposing-team-an-unprecedented-incident-during-a-premier-league-match-alan-par.md) _Context: English Premier League_
10. [Assem Allam, the Egyptian-born businessman and owner of Premier League club Hull City, tells the club's fans, whom he refers to as "hooligans", that they can "die as soon as they want" following protests against his plans to rename the club Hull Tigers. ](/news/2013/12/1/assem-allam-the-egyptian-born-businessman-and-owner-of-premier-league-club-hull-city-tells-the-club-s-fans-whom-he-refers-to-as-hooligan.md) _Context: English Premier League_
