### [2016-05-2](/news/2016/05/2/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Catholic Church in the Philippines urges voters to reject Rodrigo Duterte. 

CATHOLIC bishops issued a pastoral letter Sunday that, without mentioning the candidates name, exhorted the faithful not to vote for presidential frontrunner Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte.


### Source:

1. [Manila Standard](http://thestandard.com.ph/news/headlines/204699/reject-duterte-cbcp-tells-flock.html)

### Related:

1. [Philippine general election, 2016: Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Philippine stock market continues to fall for the fifth straight day due to fears about the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte. He continues to lead in opinion polls. ](/news/2016/05/4/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-stock-market-continues-to-fall-for-the-fifth-straight-day-due-to-fears-about-the-pres.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Philippine financial market continues to suffer amid speculation that Rodrigo Duterte may win the upcoming election. ](/news/2016/05/3/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-financial-market-continues-to-suffer-amid-speculation-that-rodrigo-duterte-may-win-th.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Rodrigo Duterte continues to lead in the presidential race, while Leni Robredo leads Bongbong Marcos by a small margin in the vice presidential race. ](/news/2016/05/10/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-continues-to-lead-in-the-presidential-race-while-leni-robredo-leads-bongbong-marcos.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Australia-Philippines relations, Philippines-United States relations: Philippine presidential election, 2016: Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/australia-philippines-relations-philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-presidential-election-2016-presidential-candidate-rodrigo.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte reneges on his apology and denies a statement by his party, PDP-Laban, which said he was sorry for his rape comments. ](/news/2016/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-philippine-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-reneges-on-his-apology-and-denies-a-statement-by-h.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Rodrigo Duterte apologizes for making remarks about rape. ](/news/2016/04/19/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-apologizes-for-making-remarks-about-rape.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Australia-Philippines relations: Philippine presidential election, 2016: Australian Ambassador to the Philippines Amanda Gorely criticizes Philippine presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte regarding his remarks about the rape of an Australian citizen. ](/news/2016/04/18/australia-philippines-relations-philippine-presidential-election-2016-australian-ambassador-to-the-philippines-amanda-gorely-criticizes.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
