### [2016-05-2](/news/2016/05/2/index.md)

# United States Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John M. Richardson says Russian jets in the Baltics buzzing a U.S. military ship and planes are escalating tension between the two nations. Richardson added he doesn't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident but these actions increase the chance of a "tactical miscalculation." 

Another close Russian fighter jet fly-by of a U.S. aircraft prompts plea from Admiral John M. Richardson


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/us-navy-chief-asks-russia-to-stop-buzzing-his-ships-and-aircraft/?google_editors_picks=true)

### Related:

1. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
2. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
3. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
4. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
5. [Syrian civil war and The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-t.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
6. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
7. [Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification.  The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135  was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-because-the-aircraft-had-turned-off-i.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
8. [The United States Air Force lands two of its most advanced fighter jets in Lithuania for the first time in a show of support for the Baltic states which have become worried about Russia's actions in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-united-states-air-force-lands-two-of-its-most-advanced-fighter-jets-in-lithuania-for-the-first-time-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-baltic.md) _Context: Baltics, Russia_
9. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
10. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: Russia, Russia–United States relations_
