### [2016-05-2](/news/2016/05/2/index.md)

# War in Somalia: War on Terror: The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. 

Up to 70 UK personnel will be deployed this year to counter the extremist group Al-Shabaab


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/may/02/first-british-troops-arrive-in-somalia-as-part-of-un-mission)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-ken.md) _Context: AMISOM, Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
2. [War in Somalia: Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-somalia-somali-police-say-at-least-seven-are-dead-after-clashes-as-somali-and-african-union-troops-pushed-back-al-shabab-extremists.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
3. [War in Somalia: At least six people are shot and killed and several people wounded by suspected Al-Shabaab militants who ambushed two buses in Mandera, Kenya, near the Somalian border. ](/news/2016/07/1/war-in-somalia-at-least-six-people-are-shot-and-killed-and-several-people-wounded-by-suspected-al-shabaab-militants-who-ambushed-two-buses.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab says it has killed at least 60 Ethiopian soldiers in an attack on a AMISOM base in central Somalia. ](/news/2016/06/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-says-it-has-killed-at-least-60-ethiopian-soldiers-in-an-attack-on-a-amisom-base-in-central-somal.md) _Context: AMISOM, Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
5. [War in Somalia: A suspected Al-Shabab suicide bomber blows open the gate of Mogadishu's Nasa-Hablod hotel in Somalia, before militant fighters storm the building. Officials said at least 15 were killed, 25 injured, and an unknown number of guests were taken hostage. ](/news/2016/06/25/war-in-somalia-a-suspected-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-blows-open-the-gate-of-mogadishu-s-nasa-hablod-hotel-in-somalia-before-militant-fighte.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
6. [ War in Somalia: U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
7. [War in Somalia: A suicide bomber in Somalia-s Puntland region detonates while hugging Saeed Ali, the treasurer of Galkayo, killing him and several police officers guarding him. Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/03/31/war-in-somalia-a-suicide-bomber-in-somalia-s-puntland-region-detonates-while-hugging-saeed-ali-the-treasurer-of-galkayo-killing-him-and.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
8. [War in Somalia: al Shabaab militants overrun an African Union base in southern Somalia with unconfirmed reports of dozens of soldiers dead. ](/news/2016/01/15/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-overrun-an-african-union-base-in-southern-somalia-with-unconfirmed-reports-of-dozens-of-soldiers-dead.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
9. [War in Somalia: At least two people are killed in an attack, near the north-eastern village of El Wak in Mandera County near the Somali border. A group of Kenyan Muslims traveling on a bus ambushed by suspected Al-Shabaab insurgents, protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-somalia-at-least-two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-near-the-north-eastern-village-of-el-wak-in-mandera-county-near-the-somali-bord.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
10. [Jeh Johnson, the United States Secretary of Homeland Security, warns Americans to take a threat by Somalia-based al-Shabab to attack shopping malls in the US, United Kingdom, and Canada seriously. ](/news/2015/02/22/jeh-johnson-the-united-states-secretary-of-homeland-security-warns-americans-to-take-a-threat-by-somalia-based-al-shabab-to-attack-shoppin.md) _Context: Britain, Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
