### [2010-10-21](/news/2010/10/21/index.md)

# An analysis of data detected by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter of the LCROSS impact last October finds the presence of carbon monoxide in Cabeus Crater in higher concentrations than the approximately 155 kg of water ice and water vapour, more than initially estimated, in addition to two hydroxyl flavours and smaller quantities of hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, methane, formaldehyde, mercury, magnesium, calcium, sodium, hydrogen gas, and possibly ammonia, ethylene and silver. 

A year ago, NASA successfully slammed a spent Centaur rocket into Cabeus Crater, a permanently shadowed region at the lunar South Pole. The “shepherding” L


### Source:

1. [Universe Today](http://www.universetoday.com/76329/water-on-the-moon-and-much-much-more-latest-lcross-results/)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/22/science/space/22moon.html)
3. [The Register](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/10/22/moon_water_nasa/)

### Related:

1. [NASA publishes the first close up photos of Pluto from the New Horizons spacecraft. They show geologically young mountains made of water ice.  ](/news/2015/07/15/nasa-publishes-the-first-close-up-photos-of-pluto-from-the-new-horizons-spacecraft-they-show-geologically-young-mountains-made-of-water-ice.md) _Context: ice, water_
2. [New data from the NASA space probe MESSENGER indicate that Mercury, the closest planet to the Sun, almost surely has water ice buried beneath the surface at its north pole. ](/news/2012/11/29/new-data-from-the-nasa-space-probe-messenger-indicate-that-mercury-the-closest-planet-to-the-sun-almost-surely-has-water-ice-buried-beneat.md) _Context: ice, water_
3. [ NASA claims to have discovered water after the LCROSS satellite crashes near the South Pole of the Moon. ](/news/2009/11/13/nasa-claims-to-have-discovered-water-after-the-lcross-satellite-crashes-near-the-south-pole-of-the-moon.md) _Context: LCROSS, water_
4. [ Scientists say they have found evidence for water vapour and carbon dioxide in the atmosphere of the extrasolar planet HD 189733 b. ](/news/2008/12/10/scientists-say-they-have-found-evidence-for-water-vapour-and-carbon-dioxide-in-the-atmosphere-of-the-extrasolar-planet-hd-189733-b.md) _Context: carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}), water vapour_
5. [ NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter discovers evidence of enormous underground deposits of water ice on Mars; one such deposit, under Hellas Planitia, is estimated to be the size of Los Angeles. ](/news/2008/11/20/nasa-s-mars-reconnaissance-orbiter-discovers-evidence-of-enormous-underground-deposits-of-water-ice-on-mars-one-such-deposit-under-hellas.md) _Context: ice, water_
6. [A methane gas explosion occurs at a coal mine in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine, killing at least eight miners, with another 20 unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/03/2/a-methane-gas-explosion-occurs-at-a-coal-mine-in-lviv-oblast-ukraine-killing-at-least-eight-miners-with-another-20-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: methane_
7. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol ({{chem|C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H}}). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing {{chem|C|O|2}} in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-chem-c-o-2-a.md) _Context: carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}})_
8. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal ''Science'', that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly  faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed.md) _Context: carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}})_
9. [The Obama administration, through the United States Environmental Protection Agency announces new regulations on emissions of the greenhouse gas methane. ](/news/2015/08/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-new-regulations-on-emissions-of-the-greenhouse.md) _Context: methane_
10. [The ''New England Journal of Medicine'' publishes research from Portland State University that implies the presence of formaldehyde, a cancer-causing chemical, may occur in limited situations of e-cigarette vapor. ](/news/2015/01/21/the-new-england-journal-of-medicine-publishes-research-from-portland-state-university-that-implies-the-presence-of-formaldehyde-a-cance.md) _Context: formaldehyde_
