### [2010-10-21](/news/2010/10/21/index.md)

# Myanmar changes its name from Union of Myanmar to Republic of the Union of Myanmar, and also changes the design of the national flag. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE69K2HM20101021)

### Related:

1. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md) _Context: Myanmar_
2. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
3. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Myanmar_
4. [At least 20 people are killed when a boat carrying wedding guests collides with a river barge in western Myanmar. ](/news/2017/04/8/at-least-20-people-are-killed-when-a-boat-carrying-wedding-guests-collides-with-a-river-barge-in-western-myanmar.md) _Context: Myanmar_
5. [Twenty people have died and more than a dozen missing after a ferry capsizes in Myanmar's Irrawaddy River delta. ](/news/2017/04/7/twenty-people-have-died-and-more-than-a-dozen-missing-after-a-ferry-capsizes-in-myanmar-s-irrawaddy-river-delta.md) _Context: Myanmar_
6. [Internal conflict in Myanmar: According to the government of Myanmar, at least 30 people are killed in an attack on various police, military, and government installations by the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army in Laukkai. Four police officers were also taken hostage. ](/news/2017/03/6/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-according-to-the-government-of-myanmar-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-various-police-military.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar_
8. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: Myanmar_
9. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Myanmar_
