### [2010-10-21](/news/2010/10/21/index.md)

# Suspected Taliban militants kill an International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) soldier and five Afghan policeman in attacks in Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iUckGgaU6wJdN67QvJx11685nSRQ?docId=CNG.51f9434115959292fde1e47fbba2fcc6.2c1)
2. [RTT News](http://www.rttnews.com/Content/GeneralNews.aspx?Id=1452085&SM=1)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-sev.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-again.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-ca.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban militants kill eight people, including a police commander, in an ambush in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/04/14/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-kill-eight-people-including-a-police-commander-in-an-ambush-in-northern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Taliban_
6. [Taliban insurgency. The Taliban claims responsibility for an attack in central Afghanistan that claims the lives of 10 civilians, four Czech members of the International Security Assistance Force and two Afghan police officers. ](/news/2014/07/8/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-an-attack-in-central-afghanistan-that-claims-the-lives-of-10-civilians-four-czech.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, International Security Assistance Force, Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Taliban insurgents attack two checkpoints in the Kamdesh District in eastern Afghanistan killing four Afghan police officers ](/news/2013/06/2/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-taliban-insurgents-attack-two-checkpoints-in-the-kamdesh-district-in-eastern-afghanistan-killing-four.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, Taliban_
8. [A suicide bombing by the Taliban near the headquarters of the International Security Assistance Force in the Afghan capital of Kabul kills at least six people. ](/news/2012/09/8/a-suicide-bombing-by-the-taliban-near-the-headquarters-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-the-afghan-capital-of-kabul-kills-a.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, International Security Assistance Force, Taliban_
9. [Afghan Police and international forces kill 64 people in a three-day drug bust operation in Helmand province, Afghanistan, and destroy 16,641 kilograms (36,687 pounds) of narcotics. ](/news/2010/07/5/afghan-police-and-international-forces-kill-64-people-in-a-three-day-drug-bust-operation-in-helmand-province-afghanistan-and-destroy-16-64.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan's, International Security Assistance Force_
10. [ The International Security Assistance Force reports that the Taliban are using white phosphorus in the Afghanistan War. ](/news/2009/05/20/the-international-security-assistance-force-reports-that-the-taliban-are-using-white-phosphorus-in-the-afghanistan-war.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, International Security Assistance Force, Taliban_
