### [2006-11-12](/news/2006/11/12/index.md)

#  The first round of the 2006 local elections for local mayors and local city councils takes place in Poland.




### Related:

1. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Poland_
2. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: Poland_
3. [ In Swiebodzice, Poland, an old tenement house collapses killing at least six people, including two children, and injuring six. The exploration teams are looking for 4 missing people. ](/news/2017/04/8/in-awiebodzice-poland-an-old-tenement-house-collapses-killing-at-least-six-people-including-two-children-and-injuring-six-the-explora.md) _Context: Poland_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Poland_
5. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching [?]30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10  in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-a30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Poland_
6. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: Poland_
7. [Polish protesters block the parliament in order to prevent the possibility of legalizing restrictions on press freedom. ](/news/2016/12/19/polish-protesters-block-the-parliament-in-order-to-prevent-the-possibility-of-legalizing-restrictions-on-press-freedom.md) _Context: Poland_
8. [An earth tremor in Europe's largest copper mine in southwestern Poland causes eight deaths. ](/news/2016/11/29/an-earth-tremor-in-europe-s-largest-copper-mine-in-southwestern-poland-causes-eight-deaths.md) _Context: Poland_
9. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Poland_
10. [2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-service-members-and-a.md) _Context: Poland_
