### [2012-06-10](/news/2012/06/10/index.md)

# A 6.0 magnitude earthquake strikes near the Aegean Sea resort of Oludeniz in southern Turkey, resulting in dozens of injuries especially in the city of Fethiye. 

A STRONG earthquake hit off the southwest coast of Turkey overnight near a popular tourist resort, putting dozens of people in hospital, including some who jumped from buildings in panic, officials said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/dozens-in-hospital-after-60-quake-hits-near-turkish-resort/story-e6frfkyi-1226390736299)

### Related:

1. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey, earthquake_
2. [European migrant crisis: At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seas.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
3. [European migrant crisis: European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
4. [European migrant crisis: NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/european-migrant-crisis-nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-s.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
5. [European migrant crisis: A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/european-migrant-crisis-a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-co.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
6. [Russia-Turkey relations: A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. ](/news/2015/12/13/russia-turkey-relations-a-russian-warship-fires-warning-shots-at-a-turkish-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea-to-avoid-a-collision-according-to.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
7. [European migrant crisis: Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
8. [European migrant crisis: Human Rights Watch says unidentified armed men have been disabling boats carrying migrants and asylum seekers in the Aegean Sea traveling from Turkey toward the Greek islands. Witnesses have described eight incidents this month in which masked assailants intercepted and disabled the boats by damaging engines or fuel systems, and in the case of inflatable boats, attempting to puncture hulls. ](/news/2015/10/22/european-migrant-crisis-human-rights-watch-says-unidentified-armed-men-have-been-disabling-boats-carrying-migrants-and-asylum-seekers-in-th.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
9. [European migration crisis: A boat carrying Syrian migrants sinks in the Aegean Sea between Turkey and Greece with seventeen people on board. ](/news/2015/09/27/european-migration-crisis-a-boat-carrying-syrian-migrants-sinks-in-the-aegean-sea-between-turkey-and-greece-with-seventeen-people-on-board.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
10. [Thirty-four refugees, including four babies and 11 children, drown in the Aegean Sea when their wooden boat sinks off the Greek island of Farmakonissi, close to Turkey's coast. ](/news/2015/09/13/thirty-four-refugees-including-four-babies-and-11-children-drown-in-the-aegean-sea-when-their-wooden-boat-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-fa.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
