### [2012-06-10](/news/2012/06/10/index.md)

# Syrian activists claim that at least 35 people have died in an Syrian Army offensive in Homs over the past day. 

At least 35 people were killed in Syrian army bombardment over the last 24 hours in a renewed assault to regain control of the rural province of Homs, the epicentre of the revolt against President Bashar al-Assad, opposition activists said on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2012/06/10/syria-crisis-homs-idINDEE85904920120610)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:: The LCC report that up to 400 people have been killed across Syria on Saturday, including about 200 reported executed by the Syrian Army in the Deir Ballba neighborhood of Homs. ](/news/2012/12/29/syrian-civil-war-the-lcc-report-that-up-to-400-people-have-been-killed-across-syria-on-saturday-including-about-200-reported-executed-by.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Army_
2. [Syria:: Syrian Army troops continue to pour into Homs as part of the latest offensive, with scores of civilians and anti-government protesters reported as having been killed in the past day. ](/news/2012/02/9/syria-syrian-army-troops-continue-to-pour-into-homs-as-part-of-the-latest-offensive-with-scores-of-civilians-and-anti-government-proteste.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Army_
3. [Syria:: The Syrian Army continues its bombardment of Homs. ](/news/2012/02/13/syria-the-syrian-army-continues-its-bombardment-of-homs.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Army_
4. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
5. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
6. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
7. [Syrian civil war: Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
8. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
9. [Russian intervention: A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/russian-intervention-a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russ.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army_
10. [ Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: A Russian Air Force Mi-28 attack helicopter crashes near the Syrian city of Homs, killing two pilots. ](/news/2016/04/12/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-a-russian-air-force-mi-28-attack-helicopter-crashes-near-the-syrian-city-of-homs-ki.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
