### [2012-06-10](/news/2012/06/10/index.md)

# Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of parliamentary elections with the Socialist Party doing well. 

French President Francois Hollande is on track to win a solid parliamentary majority after a first-round election that leaves him strengthened heading into a flurry of talks with euro zone leaders that could make or break the currency union.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jahYJCu9K9wC7rypTY7K1yoeSCRw?docId=8848b79d8a7744b185defd76ed05983a)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/10/us-france-election-idUSBRE8550D620120610?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Voters in France go to the polls for legislative election with the Socialist Party winning a majority. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-legislative-election-with-the-socialist-party-winning-a-majority.md) _Context: PS, legislative election_
2. [French presidential election, 2017: Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/french-presidential-election-2017-former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-fo.md) _Context: PS_
3. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017: In the second round run-off to select the Socialist Party's candidate in this year's spring presidential election, the leftist candidate, former Minister of National Education Benoit Hamon, topped former Prime Minister Manuel Valls, a centrist, with 58.65 percent of the vote. ](/news/2017/01/29/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-in-the-second-round-run-off-to-select-the-socialist-party-s-candidate-in-this-year-s-spri.md) _Context: PS_
4. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017: Voting takes place in the first round of the French Socialist Party presidential primary to select a candidate to run in this year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/01/22/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-voting-takes-place-in-the-first-round-of-the-french-socialist-party-presidential-primary.md) _Context: PS_
5. [French presidential election, 2017: Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister of France, announces his candidacy for the Socialist Party nomination. He will step down as PM on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/12/5/french-presidential-election-2017-manuel-valls-the-prime-minister-of-france-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-socialist-party-nomination.md) _Context: PS_
6. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: PS_
7. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: PS_
8. [French politics: French government and Socialist Party admit major defeat following the French municipal elections, 2014: The President of France Franois Hollande appoints Manuel Valls, previously Minister of the Interior, as the new Prime Minister. He replaces Jean-Marc Ayrault. ](/news/2014/03/31/french-politics-french-government-and-socialist-party-admit-major-defeat-following-the-french-municipal-elections-2014-the-president-of-f.md) _Context: PS_
9. [French municipal elections, 2014:: Voters in France go to the polls for a second round of voting in municipal elections. The ruling Socialist Party generally performs badly, but their candidate in the Paris mayoral election Anne Hidalgo is set to become the first female mayor of that city. ](/news/2014/03/30/french-municipal-elections-2014-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-round-of-voting-in-municipal-elections-the-ruling-socialis.md) _Context: PS_
10. [The French Cabinet walks out of the National Assembly after Socialist Party MP Serge Letchimy accuses Interior Minister Claude Gueant of flirting with Nazi ideology in his statement that "not all civilisations are of equal value". ](/news/2012/02/7/the-french-cabinet-walks-out-of-the-national-assembly-after-socialist-party-mp-serge-letchimy-accuses-interior-minister-claude-gua-c-ant-of-fl.md) _Context: PS_
