### [2009-10-4](/news/2009/10/4/index.md)

#  Nicolas Sarkozy has reportedly told David Cameron that it was "stupid" of him to pull the Conservative Party out of the European People's Party, with other world leaders such as Angela Merkel and Barack Obama also expressing their surprise at the move. 

French President Nicolas Sarkozy angrily told David Cameron he was &#034;stupid&#034; for pulling the Conservatives out of the main centre-right grouping in the European Parliament.


### Source:

1. [The Sunday Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/david-cameron/6257715/Nicolas-Sarkozy-told-David-Cameron-he-was-stupid-for-pulling-out-of-European-group.html)

### Related:

1. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the ''International Herald Tribune'' outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/04/14/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president.md) _Context: David Cameron, Nicolas Sarkozy, Obama_
2. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
3. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: David Cameron, Obama_
5. [Labour deputy leader Tom Watson demands party leader Jeremy Corbyn, who opposes PM David Cameron's (Conservative) proposed air strikes on Syria, to ensure MPs are given a free vote on the proposal this Tuesday. ](/news/2015/11/29/labour-deputy-leader-tom-watson-demands-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-who-opposes-pm-david-cameron-s-conservative-proposed-air-strikes-on-sy.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, David Cameron_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron orders a fresh investigation into allegations of sexual abuse involving a senior Conservative politician from the Thatcher era. The allegations concern sexual abuse at children's homes in Wales during the 1970s and 1980s. ](/news/2012/11/5/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-orders-a-fresh-investigation-into-allegations-of-sexual-abuse-involving-a-senior-conservative-politicia.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
9. [In the wake of the Cash for Access scandal British Prime Minister, David Cameron publishes details of Conservative Party donors who have had dinner with him at 10 Downing Street. ](/news/2012/03/26/in-the-wake-of-the-cash-for-access-scandal-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-publishes-details-of-conservative-party-donors-who-have-had.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
10. [Peter Cruddas resigns as treasurer of Britain's Conservative Party after he was filmed selling access to Prime Minister David Cameron for PS250,000. ](/news/2012/03/25/peter-cruddas-resigns-as-treasurer-of-britain-s-conservative-party-after-he-was-filmed-selling-access-to-prime-minister-david-cameron-for-aps.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
