### [2010-02-7](/news/2010/02/7/index.md)

# Australian Senator John Faulkner and Doctor Wayne Mapp attend a ceremony in Gallipoli to commemorate dead ANZAC and Turkish soldiers, laying wreaths at several locations. 

Defence Minister John Faulkner has joined his New Zealand counterpart Dr Wayne Mapp at a Gallipoli ceremony honouring fallen ANZAC and Turkish soldiers.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-national/faulkner-visits-gallipoli-20100207-nkh1.html)

### Related:

1. [ More than 20,000 Australians, New Zealanders, Turks and other nationalities gather at Anzac Cove, Gallipoli, Turkey to mark the 90th anniversary of the landing at Anzac Cove during World War I. Thousands more attend ANZAC Day dawn remembrance ceremonies and marches in cities around Australia and New Zealand, 250,000 in Sydney alone. ](/news/2005/04/25/more-than-20-000-australians-new-zealanders-turks-and-other-nationalities-gather-at-anzac-cove-gallipoli-turkey-to-mark-the-90th-annive.md) _Context: Gallipoli, Turkey_
2. [A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-others.md) _Context: Turkey_
3. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Turkey_
4. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Turkey_
5. [Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming-it-controversial-and-too-complex.md) _Context: Turkey_
6. [Five people are killed after being electrocuted at a water park in Akyazi, Turkey. ](/news/2017/06/23/five-people-are-killed-after-being-electrocuted-at-a-water-park-in-akyaza-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey_
