### [2010-02-7](/news/2010/02/7/index.md)

# Social Development Minister Margaret Ritchie defeats Alasdair McDonnell in an election to become leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) following Mark Durkan's resignation yesterday. She is the first woman to take charge of the party in its history and the first female leader of a major party in Northern Ireland. 

Taoiseach Brian Cowen has congratulated Margaret Ritchie on her election as leader of Northern Ireland&#39;s Social Democratic and Labour Party.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/8502721.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0207/sdlp.html)
3. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/breaking-news/uk-ireland/ritchie-sets-sights-on-top-job-14671472.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/0002fc02-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [South Belfast MP Alasdair McDonnell is elected leader of Northern Ireland's Social Democratic and Labour Party, replacing Margaret Ritchie who stepped down in September. ](/news/2011/11/5/south-belfast-mp-alasdair-mcdonnell-is-elected-leader-of-northern-ireland-s-social-democratic-and-labour-party-replacing-margaret-ritchie-w.md) _Context: Alasdair McDonnell, Margaret Ritchie, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
2. [Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader and South Down MP Margaret Ritchie resigns from the Northern Ireland Executive. Alex Attwood is the new Minister for Social Development. ](/news/2010/05/24/social-democratic-and-labour-party-sdlp-leader-and-south-down-mp-margaret-ritchie-resigns-from-the-northern-ireland-executive-alex-attwoo.md) _Context: Margaret Ritchie, Minister for Social Development, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
3. [Mark Durkan, former Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland, resigns as leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP). ](/news/2010/02/6/mark-durkan-former-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-resigns-as-leader-of-the-social-democratic-and-labour-party-sdlp.md) _Context: Mark Durkan, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
4. [ The anti-Good Friday Agreement Democratic Unionist Party with 30 seats becomes the biggest party in Northern Ireland in the Northern Ireland Assembly Election, 2003, replacing the Ulster Unionist Party (27 seats), while Sinn Fin at 24 seats replaces the SDLP (18 seats) as the major Irish nationalist party.](/news/2003/11/28/the-anti-good-friday-agreement-democratic-unionist-party-with-30-seats-becomes-the-biggest-party-in-northern-ireland-in-the-northern-irelan.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
5. [ A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.](/news/2003/11/13/a-belfast-telegraph-opinion-poll-in-northern-ireland-in-the-run-up-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-elections-predicts-that-the-ulster-un.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
6. [ In a press conference in Belfast, journalist Sen  Muireagin denies Israeli claims that suspected him of being a Real IRA activist. He states that he is not, and never has been, a member or supporter of the IRA. Israel repeats that the arrest of  Muireagin was "unfortunate", but refuses to apologise. Israel's treatment of  Muireagin is strongly criticised in Ireland. SDLP ex-minister Sean Farren states that  Muireagin is "well known and respected" in Northern Ireland.](/news/2003/07/17/in-a-press-conference-in-belfast-journalist-sean-o-muireagain-denies-israeli-claims-that-suspected-him-of-being-a-real-ira-activist-he-st.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
7. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
