### [2003-12-16](/news/2003/12/16/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq:. United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, speaking in a UN Security Council debate, urges member states to define a clearer role for the UN in Iraq. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3325251.stm]




### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan wishes editors to stop reprinting the controversial Muhammad cartoons. ](/news/2006/02/10/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-wishes-editors-to-stop-reprinting-the-controversial-muhammad-cartoons.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
2. [ UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accuses the United States and Britain of not accepting enough responsibility for the Oil for Food Scandal. ](/news/2005/04/15/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-accuses-the-united-states-and-britain-of-not-accepting-enough-responsibility-for-the-oil-for-food-scandal.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
3. [Occupation of Iraq:. The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]. The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]. The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/occupation-of-iraq-the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanit.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Occupation of Iraq, United Nations_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-c.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
5. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):. United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/syrian-uprising-2011-present-united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
6. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
7. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
8. [ In his first United Nations appearance, Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi calls for reform of the Security Council and chastises the Council for failing to intervene or prevent some 65 wars since the U.N. was founded in 1945. ](/news/2009/09/23/in-his-first-united-nations-appearance-libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-calls-for-reform-of-the-security-council-and-chastises-the-council.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
9. [ Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, urges the Government of Myanmar to show restraint in its treatment of students and pro-democracy activists who have been protesting against the regime. ](/news/2007/08/24/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-urges-the-government-of-myanmar-to-show-restraint-in-its-treatment-of-students-an.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations_
10. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
