### [2003-12-16](/news/2003/12/16/index.md)

#  United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, speaking in a UN Security Council debate, urges member states to define a clearer role for the UN in Iraq. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3325251.stm]




### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan wishes editors to stop reprinting the controversial Muhammad cartoons. ](/news/2006/02/10/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-wishes-editors-to-stop-reprinting-the-controversial-muhammad-cartoons.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
2. [ UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accuses the United States and Britain of not accepting enough responsibility for the Oil for Food Scandal. ](/news/2005/04/15/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-accuses-the-united-states-and-britain-of-not-accepting-enough-responsibility-for-the-oil-for-food-scandal.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: Two American soldiers are killed and 13 wounded in a mortar attack in Abu Ghraib, and another soldier dies in a roadside attack in Ramadi, bringing the number of U.S. deaths since the war began to 304, of which 165 occurred after President Bush's "mission accomplished" statement of May 1. A member of the Governing Council, Dr. Aquila al-Hashimi, is shot in an assassination attempt (she dies five days later). United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan strongly condemns the attack and warns that it only undermines the country's political progress.](/news/2003/09/20/occupation-of-iraq-two-american-soldiers-are-killed-and-13-wounded-in-a-mortar-attack-in-abu-ghraib-and-another-soldier-dies-in-a-roadsid.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-chlorine-and-other.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
5. [United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
6. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
7. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
8. [ In his first United Nations appearance, Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi calls for reform of the Security Council and chastises the Council for failing to intervene or prevent some 65 wars since the U.N. was founded in 1945. ](/news/2009/09/23/in-his-first-united-nations-appearance-libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-calls-for-reform-of-the-security-council-and-chastises-the-council.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
9. [ Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, urges the Government of Myanmar to show restraint in its treatment of students and pro-democracy activists who have been protesting against the regime. ](/news/2007/08/24/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-urges-the-government-of-myanmar-to-show-restraint-in-its-treatment-of-students-an.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations_
10. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
