### [2012-12-9](/news/2012/12/9/index.md)

# Former Typhoon Bopha is again forecast to make landfall in the Philippines this time on the northern island of Luzon as a tropical storm bringing the possibility of more floods and landslides. 

A killer typhoon is set to make landfall in the Philippines for a second time, sparking flooding fears.


### Source:

1. [ABC/AFP](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-12-09/weakened-bopha-returns-to-philippines/4417308)
2. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/breakingnews/325234/philippines-braces-for-typhoon-return)

### Related:

1. [Typhoon Bopha makes landfall on the Philippines island of Mindanao with reports of floods and landslides. Authorities confirm at least 81 deaths amid widespread property damage. ](/news/2012/12/4/typhoon-bopha-makes-landfall-on-the-philippines-island-of-mindanao-with-reports-of-floods-and-landslides-authorities-confirm-at-least-81-de.md) _Context: Philippines, Typhoon Bopha, landfall_
2. [The Philippines warns citizens about Typhoon Bopha expected to make landfall on Tuesday, December 4. ](/news/2012/12/2/the-philippines-warns-citizens-about-typhoon-bopha-expected-to-make-landfall-on-tuesday-december-4.md) _Context: Philippines, Typhoon Bopha, landfall_
3. [ Tropical Storm Pabuk causes deadly landslides in the Philippines before hitting Taiwan causing power cuts. This comes after floods from another tropical storm kill 34 in central Vietnam. ](/news/2007/08/8/tropical-storm-pabuk-causes-deadly-landslides-in-the-philippines-before-hitting-taiwan-causing-power-cuts-this-comes-after-floods-from-ano.md) _Context: Philippines, flood, landslide_
4. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-ove.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
5. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Sarika (Karen) arrives at Luzon, Philippines, with the storm's future direction predicted to be toward Vietnam. ](/news/2016/10/15/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-sarika-karen-arrives-at-luzon-philippines-with-the-storm-s-future-direction-predicted-to-be-toward.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
6. [North Korea-Philippines relations. The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/north-korea-philippines-relations-the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-resp.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
7. [2015 Pacific typhoon season. Rising floodwaters are causing problems in the northern Philippines as Typhoon Koppu (Lando in the Philippines) is set to linger over the island of Luzon until Wednesday. Eleven people have died so far. ](/news/2015/10/19/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-rising-floodwaters-are-causing-problems-in-the-northern-philippines-as-typhoon-koppu-lando-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
8. [2015 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Koppu (Lando) makes landfall in northern Luzon in the Philippines with forecasters warning it could stay in the area for several days. Thousands of people have been evacuated or are stranded. ](/news/2015/10/18/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-makes-landfall-in-northern-luzon-in-the-philippines-with-forecasters-warning-it-could-sta.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
9. [2015 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Koppu (Lando) heads towards the Philippines island of Luzon where it is expected to make landfall as a Category 4 storm, linger and deposit up to 50 inches of rain in some areas. ](/news/2015/10/17/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-heads-towards-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-where-it-is-expected-to-make-landfall-as-a.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
10. [2015 Pacific typhoon season. Koppu strengthens to a typhoon ahead of threatening lives and properties in the Philippines island of Luzon over the weekend. ](/news/2015/10/16/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-koppu-strengthens-to-a-typhoon-ahead-of-threatening-lives-and-properties-in-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-ove.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
