### [2012-12-9](/news/2012/12/9/index.md)

# Manchester United win the Manchester derby, defeating reigning league champions Manchester City by a score of 3-2 in the 2012-13 Premier League. Robin van Persie scores a last-minute goal and Rio Ferdinand is injured after being hit by a coin. 




### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espnfc.com/uk/en/report/345706/report.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-20658846)
3. [Premier League](http://www.premierleague.com/en-gb/matchday/matches/2012-2013/epl.html/man-city-vs-man-utd)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 Premier League:Manchester United secure the 2012-13 Premier League title thanks to a Robin van Persie hat trick against Aston Villa at Old Trafford, which moves them 16 points clear of rivals and reigning champions Manchester City who have only a maximum of 15 points left to play for. This is Sir Alex Ferguson's 13th title of his 27-year tenure as United's manager. ](/news/2013/04/22/2012a13-premier-league-pmanchester-united-secure-the-2012a13-premier-league-title-thanks-to-a-robin-van-persie-hat-trick-against-aston-v.md) _Context: 2012–13 Premier League, English Premier League, Manchester City, Manchester United, Robin van Persie, title_
2. [In the 2012-13 Premier League, Manchester City claims a 2-1 victory over their rivals and leaders Manchester United with Sergio Aguero's winning goal. ](/news/2013/04/8/in-the-2012a13-premier-league-manchester-city-claims-a-2a1-victory-over-their-rivals-and-leaders-manchester-united-with-sergio-aguero-s.md) _Context: 2012–13 Premier League, Manchester City, Manchester United, rivals_
3. [In association football, Manchester City defeat Manchester United in what had been described as the biggest match in Premier League history. Vincent Kompany scores the winning goal to take City to the summit of the Premier League table with two games of the season left to play. ](/news/2012/04/30/in-association-football-manchester-city-defeat-manchester-united-in-what-had-been-described-as-the-biggest-match-in-premier-league-history.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester City, Manchester United, reigning_
4. [Manchester United striker Robin van Persie is "lucky to be alive", according to his manager Sir Alex Ferguson, after a nasty incident during a Premier League game in Wales which ended in a 1-1 draw. ](/news/2012/12/23/manchester-united-striker-robin-van-persie-is-lucky-to-be-alive-according-to-his-manager-sir-alex-ferguson-after-a-nasty-incident-during.md) _Context: 2012–13 Premier League, Manchester United, Robin van Persie_
5. [Manchester City win the Premier League for the first time, beating Manchester United on goal difference. ](/news/2012/05/13/manchester-city-win-the-premier-league-for-the-first-time-beating-manchester-united-on-goal-difference.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester City, Manchester United_
6. [In association football, Premier League and FA Cup runners-up Manchester City sack manager Roberto Mancini. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-association-football-premier-league-and-fa-cup-runners-up-manchester-city-sack-manager-roberto-mancini.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester City_
7. [Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. ](/news/2013/03/5/real-madrid-defeat-manchester-united-by-a-2a1-scoreline-3a2-on-aggregate-in-the-second-leg-of-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-la.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
8. [In Premier League's Boxing Day, Theo Walcott hits a hat-trick as Arsenal beat Newcastle United 7-3 while Manchester City cling on for a thrilling 4-3 victory over Norwich City at Carrow Road. ](/news/2012/12/29/in-premier-league-s-boxing-day-theo-walcott-hits-a-hat-trick-as-arsenal-beat-newcastle-united-7a3-while-manchester-city-cling-on-for-a-th.md) _Context: 2012–13 Premier League, Manchester City_
9. [Harry Redknapp is appointed as the manager of Queens Park Rangers, taking over from Mark Hughes whose contract was terminated after fail to win any of their 12 Premier League games this season. ](/news/2012/11/23/harry-redknapp-is-appointed-as-the-manager-of-queens-park-rangers-taking-over-from-mark-hughes-whose-contract-was-terminated-after-fail-to.md) _Context: 2012–13 Premier League, English Premier League_
10. [Chelsea lose their unbeaten league record against Manchester United as Manchester United wins 3-2 at Stamford Bridge. Referee Mark Clattenburg sends off Branislav Ivanovic and Fernando Torres. In addition, Javier Hernandez is pelted with objects after scoring the winning goal, a steward is injured and hospitalized, and Chelsea issue a formal complaint to the Premier League over the referee's alleged racial abuse of several players, including Mikel John Obi. ](/news/2012/10/28/chelsea-lose-their-unbeaten-league-record-against-manchester-united-as-manchester-united-wins-3-2-at-stamford-bridge-referee-mark-clattenbu.md) _Context: English Premier League, Manchester United_
