### [2010-04-17](/news/2010/04/17/index.md)

# Internal e-mails reveal Porter Goss, a former head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), agreed with a decision to destroy hundreds of tapes purportedly showing agents waterboarding two al-Qaeda suspects being held in Thailand in 2002 over fears that public release of the tapes would be "devastating". 

Internal memos show ex-CIA chief agreed with destruction of interrogation tapes.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/04/2010416131130451197.html)

### Related:

1. [John Kiriakou, the former CIA agent, who publicly discussed the U.S. government agency's use of waterboarding interrogation techniques, is sentenced to 30 months in prison. An argument that he was a whistleblower was dismissed and he was instead convicted of violating an intelligence law, the first person to be successfully targeted under the statute in 27 years. ](/news/2013/01/25/john-kiriakou-the-former-cia-agent-who-publicly-discussed-the-u-s-government-agency-s-use-of-waterboarding-interrogation-techniques-is-s.md) _Context: CIA, waterboarding_
2. [ The United States Senate passes legislation to ban the Central Intelligence Agency from using certain interrogation methods including waterboarding. ](/news/2008/02/13/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-ban-the-central-intelligence-agency-from-using-certain-interrogation-methods-including-water.md) _Context: CIA, waterboarding_
3. [ Porter Goss resigns as director of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). ](/news/2006/05/5/porter-goss-resigns-as-director-of-the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia.md) _Context: CIA, Porter Goss_
4. [ "The Washington Post" reports that the Central Intelligence Agency has been operating, perhaps as illegally, a covert network of "black site" prisons for terrorist suspects in eight foreign countries, including Afghanistan, Thailand, and several Eastern European democracies for the last four years, with little or no oversight from the United States Congress. ](/news/2005/11/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-has-been-operating-perhaps-as-illegally-a-covert-network-of-black-sit.md) _Context: CIA, Thailand_
5. [ President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan. CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. ](/news/2005/07/9/president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-says-at-a-press-conference-that-he-does-not-believe-that-osama-bin-laden-is-in-afghanistan-cia-chief.md) _Context: CIA, Porter Goss_
6. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Thailand_
7. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: CIA_
8. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Thailand_
9. [An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-selling-classified-information-to-chinese-oper.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/former-united-states-officials-report-that-18a20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-imprisoned-by-the-government-of-china.md) _Context: CIA_
