### [2010-04-17](/news/2010/04/17/index.md)

# Over 100,000 mourners attend a memorial service to honour the death of the Polish president Lech Kaczynski, and 95 others who were killed in a plane crash the previous week. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/apr/17/lech-kaczynski-crash-memorial-warsaw)

### Related:

1. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
2. [Bronislaw Komorowski is officially sworn in as President of Poland, following the death of President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash in April. ](/news/2010/08/6/bronisaaw-komorowski-is-officially-sworn-in-as-president-of-poland-following-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-in-ap.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
3. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
4. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
5. [Poland announces the date of its presidential election &mdash; June 20 &mdash; to elect plane crash victim Lech Kaczynski's successor. ](/news/2010/04/21/poland-announces-the-date-of-its-presidential-election-mdash-june-20-mdash-to-elect-plane-crash-victim-lech-kaczyaski-s-successor.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
6. [The body of Poland's First Lady, Maria Kaczynska, is flown to Warsaw to lie in state alongside that of her husband, President Lech Kaczynski. Poland has seen an outpouring of grief since the couple and scores of other senior Polish officials died in a plane crash in western Russia on Saturday. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-body-of-poland-s-first-lady-maria-kaczyaska-is-flown-to-warsaw-to-lie-in-state-alongside-that-of-her-husband-president-lech-kaczyas.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
7. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:: Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
8. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:: The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-the-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-nort.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Lech Kaczynski_
9. [Polish parliamentary election, 2015: Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/polish-parliamentary-election-2015-official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-k.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski_
10. [Hundreds of people supporting Lech Kaczynski are sprayed with lachrymator by police outside Warsaw's Presidential Palace. ](/news/2010/08/3/hundreds-of-people-supporting-lech-kaczyaski-are-sprayed-with-lachrymator-by-police-outside-warsaw-s-presidential-palace.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski_
