### [2017-07-24](/news/2017/07/24/index.md)

# Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. 

Filipino leader Rodrigo Duterte on Monday demanded the U.S. government return church bells that American soldiers took more than a hundred years ago.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/07/24/philippiness-duterte-keeps-lashing-out-at-the-united-states-over-its-atrocities-a-century-ago/)
2. [United Press International](https://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2017/07/24/Duterte-to-US-Return-Balangiga-bells-seized-in-1901/5301500915328/)

### Related:

1. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
2. [Philippines-United States relations: In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, -I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/philippines-united-states-relations-in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-phili.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
3. [Martial law in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
5. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
6. [Philippines-United States relations: U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-united-states-relations-u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrig.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Regions of the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
