
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.json)  [XML](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.xml)  

### [2017-07-24](/news/2017/07/24/index.md)

##### Politics of Poland
# Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. 

The decision was a setback for the governing party, though a bill giving it more control over local courts was still set for approval.


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40703909)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-poland-judiciary-idUSKBN1A915E)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/world/europe/poland-president-duda-veto-courts.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/07/25/world/25Poland/25Poland-facebookJumbo.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commissio.md) _2017-07-28 14:30:05 (First version)_
2. [Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:42 (Update)_
2. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo resigns just hours after surviving an opposition no-confidence motion. She will be replaced by Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, according to the ruling Law and Justice party. ](/news/2017/12/7/polish-prime-minister-beata-szydao-resigns-just-hours-after-surviving-an-opposition-no-confidence-motion-she-will-be-replaced-by-finance-m.md) _Context: Law and Justice, Politics of Poland_
2. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appro.md) _Context: Law and Justice, Poland's parliament_
3. [Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. ](/news/2016/04/3/thousands-of-people-attended-a-pro-choice-rally-outside-parliament-of-poland-in-warsaw-after-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-the-leader-of-the-ruling.md) _Context: Law and Justice, Poland's parliament_
4. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Law and Justice_
5. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting-pr.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Law and Justice_
