### [2017-07-24](/news/2017/07/24/index.md)

# Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. 

The decision was a setback for the governing party, though a bill giving it more control over local courts was still set for approval.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40703909)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-poland-judiciary-idUSKBN1A915E)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/world/europe/poland-president-duda-veto-courts.html)

### Related:

1. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appro.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Poland's parliament_
2. [Abortion in Poland: Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. ](/news/2016/04/3/abortion-in-poland-thousands-of-people-attended-a-pro-choice-rally-outside-parliament-of-poland-in-warsaw-after-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-the-l.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Poland's parliament_
3. [Polish constitutional crisis, 2015: The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland-s hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/polish-constitutional-crisis-2015-the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-th.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Law and Justice Party_
4. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting-pr.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Law and Justice Party_
5. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda_
6. [European Union competition law: The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [French presidential election, 2017: The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The funeral of Lukasz Urban, the driver killed in the course of last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin, takes place in his village of Banie near the German border. President of Poland Andrzej Duda and a German diplomat attend. ](/news/2016/12/30/the-funeral-of-aukasz-urban-the-driver-killed-in-the-course-of-last-week-s-attack-on-a-christmas-market-in-berlin-takes-place-in-his-vill.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda_
