### [2017-07-24](/news/2017/07/24/index.md)

# The Chinese Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces that current Politburo member Sun Zhengcai is under investigation for violating party discipline. Sun is the fourth sitting Politburo member since 1990 to fall from power. 

Officials said Sun Zhengcai, fired this month as party secretary of the city of Chongqing, was suspected of “grave violations of discipline.”


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/world/asia/china-xi-jinping-sun-zhengcai.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/07/25/world/25China-Sun/25China-Sun-facebookJumbo.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Sun Zhengcai is expelled from the Communist Party of China after the results into the internal disciplinary investigation are announced by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2017/09/29/sun-zhengcai-is-expelled-from-the-communist-party-of-china-after-the-results-into-the-internal-disciplinary-investigation-are-announced-by-t.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Sun Zhengcai_
2. [Chen Min'er replaces Sun Zhengcai as Communist Party Secretary of Chongqing; Sun Zhigang becomes party chief of Guizhou. ](/news/2017/07/15/chen-min-er-replaces-sun-zhengcai-as-communist-party-secretary-of-chongqing-sun-zhigang-becomes-party-chief-of-guizhou.md) _Context: Politics of China, Sun Zhengcai_
3. [The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is expected to start on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-19th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-expected-to-start-on-october-18-2017.md) _Context: Politics of China_
4. [In China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection places under investigation Tianjin mayor Huang Xingguo, who is also serving as acting Communist Party Secretary. ](/news/2016/09/11/in-china-the-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-places-under-investigation-tianjin-mayor-huang-xingguo-who-is-also-serving-as-ac.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
5. [The former party chief of Liaoning and Jilin provinces, Wang Min, is placed under investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-former-party-chief-of-liaoning-and-jilin-provinces-wang-min-is-placed-under-investigation-by-the-central-commission-for-discipline-ins.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
6. [Wei Hong, Governor of Sichuan province, is announced to be under investigation for "breaching discipline" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/01/15/wei-hong-governor-of-sichuan-province-is-announced-to-be-under-investigation-for-breaching-discipline-by-the-central-commission-for-disc.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
7. [ Beijing Deputy Communist Party Secretary Lu Xiwen and Shanghai vice mayor Ai Baojun are placed under investigation by the top anti-graft body of the Communist Party of China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2015/11/11/beijing-deputy-communist-party-secretary-la1-4-xiwen-and-shanghai-vice-mayor-ai-baojun-are-placed-under-investigation-by-the-top-anti-graft-b.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
8. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
9. [Zhou Benshun, the Communist Party chief of China's Hebei province, is detained for investigation by the party's anti-graft body. He is first incumbent provincial leader to be investigated since the anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/07/24/zhou-benshun-the-communist-party-chief-of-china-s-hebei-province-is-detained-for-investigation-by-the-party-s-anti-graft-body-he-is-first.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
10. [China detains Jing Chunhua, a senior official from Hebei province of China, for investigation by the Communist Party's anti-graft agency for violating party discipline and breaking the law. Jing is the second provincial-ranked official from Hebei province to undergo investigation since the wider anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/03/3/china-detains-jing-chunhua-a-senior-official-from-hebei-province-of-china-for-investigation-by-the-communist-party-s-anti-graft-agency-for.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
