### [2011-05-15](/news/2011/05/15/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war:: The United Nations envoy to Libya, Abdul Ilah Khatib, arrives in Tripoli to try to negotiate a cease-fire between Muammar Gaddafi's forces and rebel fighters.

A U.N. envoy held talks in Libya on Sunday, as NATO warplanes kept up their bombardment of forces loyal to longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi, Libyan government officials said. 


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/africa/05/15/libya.war/index.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war: NATO warplanes attack the port of Tripoli and the residence of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/05/22/2011-libyan-civil-war-nato-warplanes-attack-the-port-of-tripoli-and-the-residence-of-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
2. [2011 Libyan civil war:: The Tripoli compound of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi is targeted for more bombing raids in the third night of the international intervention in Libya. ](/news/2011/03/21/2011-libyan-civil-war-the-tripoli-compound-of-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-is-targeted-for-more-bombing-raids-in-the-third-night-of-the-i.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war:: Libyan workers fleeing to Tunisia claim that anti-Gaddafi forces control the town of Zuwara, 120 km west of Tripoli. ](/news/2011/02/24/2011-libyan-civil-war-libyan-workers-fleeing-to-tunisia-claim-that-anti-gaddafi-forces-control-the-town-of-zuwara-120-km-west-of-tripoli.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli, United Nations_
5. [Libyan Civil War: The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli, United Nations_
6. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
7. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
8. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:: Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011-present-libyan-factional-fighting-authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
9. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [The United Nations says detainees from Libya's civil war are being tortured. ](/news/2012/01/26/the-united-nations-says-detainees-from-libya-s-civil-war-are-being-tortured.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
