### [2011-05-15](/news/2011/05/15/index.md)

# Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. 

The head of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, faces sex assault charges over an alleged incident with a New York hotel maid.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2011/05/2011515045169500.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-13402845)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/16/nyregion/imf-names-replacement-as-chief-awaits-arraignment.html?_r=1)
4. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/IMF-Head-Dominique-Strauss-Kahn-Charged-By-New-York-Police-Over-Alleged-Sexual-Assault/Article/201105315992243?lpos=World_News_Carousel_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15992243_IMF_Head_Dominique_Strauss-Kahn_Charged_By_New_York_Police_Over_Alleged_Sexual_Assault)
5. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703421204576324400801330790.html)

### Related:

1. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: EU, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
2. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: EU, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
3. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: EU, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Former head of the International Monetary Fund Dominique Strauss-Kahn gives his first television interview on the French television network TF1 since rape charges against him were dropped in New York City. ](/news/2011/09/18/former-head-of-the-international-monetary-fund-dominique-strauss-kahn-gives-his-first-television-interview-on-the-french-television-network.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, New York's_
5. [A judge in New York City rules in favour dropping sexual assault charges against former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn. ](/news/2011/08/23/a-judge-in-new-york-city-rules-in-favour-dropping-sexual-assault-charges-against-former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-k.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, New York's_
6. [Prosecutors in New York City ask for charges against former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn to be dropped. ](/news/2011/08/22/prosecutors-in-new-york-city-ask-for-charges-against-former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-to-be-dropped.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, New York's_
7. [The International Monetary Fund approves a 26 billion euro loan to Portugal as part of a joint bailout package with the European Union to try to resolve the European sovereign debt crisis. ](/news/2011/05/20/the-international-monetary-fund-approves-a-26-billion-euro-loan-to-portugal-as-part-of-a-joint-bailout-package-with-the-european-union-to-tr.md) _Context: EU, International Monetary Fund, Portuguese_
8. [International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn is ordered to be held without bail on sexual assault charges in New York City. ](/news/2011/05/16/international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-is-ordered-to-be-held-without-bail-on-sexual-assault-charges-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, New York's_
9. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), is arrested at John F. Kennedy International Airport in the U.S. city of New York for alleged sexual assault. ](/news/2011/05/14/dominique-strauss-kahn-the-head-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-is-arrested-at-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, New York's_
10. [Austerity measures of pay cuts and pension freeze supported by the European Union and  International Monetary Fund (IMF) cause civil servants to stage a 24-hour strike in Greece. ](/news/2010/10/7/austerity-measures-of-pay-cuts-and-pension-freeze-supported-by-the-european-union-and-international-monetary-fund-imf-cause-civil-servant.md) _Context: EU, Greece, International Monetary Fund_
