### [2011-05-15](/news/2011/05/15/index.md)

# Northern Ireland Police have charged Marian Price with encouraging support for an illegal organisation following a recent dissident republican rally in Derry. Price, who is secretary of the 32 County Sovereignty Movement, was jailed for her part in the bombing of the Old Bailey in the 1970s. 

Old Bailey bomber Marian Price is charged with encouraging support for an illegal organisation following a parade in Londonderry on Easter Monday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-13403772)

### Related:

1. [Dissident Irish Republican campaign: Police Service of Northern Ireland received a phone call in the early hours allegedly from a dissident republican group claiming to have planted an explosive in a Curryneirin neighborhood outside Derry, Northern Ireland. Police evacuated 12 homes before finding a device, describing it as "'It's a bomb and designed to kill".](/news/2015/02/17/dissident-irish-republican-campaign-police-service-of-northern-ireland-received-a-phone-call-in-the-early-hours-allegedly-from-a-dissident.md) _Context: Derry, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
2. [A report by the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Historical Enquiries Team concludes that a British soldier who fatally shot a 41-year-old civilian in Derry in 1971 acted "unlawfully", as the civilian "was not carrying a firearm and he posed no threat to the soldiers". ](/news/2010/06/3/a-report-by-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-s-historical-enquiries-team-concludes-that-a-british-soldier-who-fatally-shot-a-41-year-o.md) _Context: Derry, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
3. [ Richard Huckle, dubbed "Britain's worst ever paedophile" after being convicted of 71 cases of rape and other sexual offences against up to 200 children, is being sentenced at The Old Bailey in London in a hearing expected to last 3 days. Huckle is facing up to 22 life sentences once the hearing concludes.](/news/2016/06/1/richard-huckle-dubbed-britain-s-worst-ever-paedophile-after-being-convicted-of-71-cases-of-rape-and-other-sexual-offences-against-up-to.md) _Context: Old Bailey_
4. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:: Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson accuses Sinn Fin of attempting to blackmail the Police Service of Northern Ireland over the arrest of Gerry Adams. ](/news/2014/05/4/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-accuses-sinn-fein-of-attempting-to-bl.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
5. [British businessman James McCormick, who sold ADE 651 fake bomb detector to Iraq and other countries, is jailed for ten years at the Old Bailey. ](/news/2013/05/2/british-businessman-james-mccormick-who-sold-ade-651-fake-bomb-detector-to-iraq-and-other-countries-is-jailed-for-ten-years-at-the-old-bai.md) _Context: Old Bailey_
6. [British businessman James McCormick is convicted at the Old Bailey on three counts of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors based on a device for finding golf balls to countries including Iraq and Georgia. ](/news/2013/04/23/british-businessman-james-mccormick-is-convicted-at-the-old-bailey-on-three-counts-of-fraud-after-selling-fake-bomb-detectors-based-on-a-dev.md) _Context: Old Bailey_
7. [The Police Service of Northern Ireland says that an incident at the home of one of its officers in Bangor, County Down, on Wednesday night was an attempt to murder him. ](/news/2012/12/22/the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-says-that-an-incident-at-the-home-of-one-of-its-officers-in-bangor-county-down-on-wednesday-night-w.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
8. [Former Social Democratic and Labour Party leader John Hume receives the papal knighthood at a special Mass in Derry's St Eugene's Cathedral. ](/news/2012/10/6/former-social-democratic-and-labour-party-leader-john-hume-receives-the-papal-knighthood-at-a-special-mass-in-derry-s-st-eugene-s-cathedral.md) _Context: Derry_
9. [Former Polly Peck tycoon Asil Nadir is found guilty on three counts of stealing millions of pounds from his company by a jury at London's Old Bailey. ](/news/2012/08/20/former-polly-peck-tycoon-asil-nadir-is-found-guilty-on-three-counts-of-stealing-millions-of-pounds-from-his-company-by-a-jury-at-london-s-ol.md) _Context: Old Bailey_
10. [At London's Old Bailey the trial begins of two men accused of the 1993 murder of Stephen Lawrence. ](/news/2011/11/14/at-london-s-old-bailey-the-trial-begins-of-two-men-accused-of-the-1993-murder-of-stephen-lawrence.md) _Context: Old Bailey_
