### [2011-05-15](/news/2011/05/15/index.md)

# Syrian forces shell villages near the Lebanese border, and heavy gunfire is heard in Talkalakh, with reports of 8 people having died, in the latest phase of a crackdown by Syrian forces on protesters demonstrating against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad. Lebanon tries to seal the border after hundreds flee from Syrian troops and a wounded Syrian woman dies of her injuries after entering Lebanon. 

Lebanon tries to seal northern border with Syria to &quot;prevent illegal entry&quot;; four killed in Tel Kelakh during anti-Assad protest.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/meast/05/15/lebanon.syria.conflict/index.html)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/syria-in-crackdown-on-women/story-e6frg6so-1226056347761)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=220652)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=164519)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanese, Syrian Army_
2. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Army_
3. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Lebanese, Syrian Army_
4. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Army_
5. [Clashes between supporters and opponents of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad kill at least 12 and injure more than 40 people in the Lebanese port city of Tripoli. ](/news/2012/06/2/clashes-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-kill-at-least-12-and-injure-more-than-40-people-in-the-lebanese.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Lebanese_

### Changes:

1. [Syrian uprising:Syrian forces shell villages near the Lebanese border, and heavy gunfire is heard in Talkalakh, with reports of 8 people having died, in the latest phase of a crackdown by Syrian forces on protesters demonstrating against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad. Lebanon tries to seal the border after hundreds flee from Syrian troops and a wounded Syrian woman dies of her injuries after entering Lebanon. ](/news/2011/05/15/syrian-uprising-psyrian-forces-shell-villages-near-the-lebanese-border-and-heavy-gunfire-is-heard-in-talkalakh-with-reports-of-8-people-ha.md) _2017-08-25 03:33:07 (First version)_
2. [Syrian uprising:: Syrian forces shell villages near the Lebanese border, and heavy gunfire is heard in Talkalakh, with reports of 8 people having died, in the latest phase of a crackdown by Syrian forces on protesters demonstrating against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad. Lebanon tries to seal the border after hundreds flee from Syrian troops and a wounded Syrian woman dies of her injuries after entering Lebanon. ](/news/2011/05/15/syrian-uprising-syrian-forces-shell-villages-near-the-lebanese-border-and-heavy-gunfire-is-heard-in-talkalakh-with-reports-of-8-people-h.md) _2017-08-27 03:33:16 (Update)_
2. [Syrian forces shell villages near the Lebanese border, and heavy gunfire is heard in Talkalakh, with reports of 8 people having died, in the latest phase of a crackdown by Syrian forces on protesters demonstrating against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad. Lebanon tries to seal the border after hundreds flee from Syrian troops and a wounded Syrian woman dies of her injuries after entering Lebanon. ](/news/2011/05/15/syrian-forces-shell-villages-near-the-lebanese-border-and-heavy-gunfire-is-heard-in-talkalakh-with-reports-of-8-people-having-died-in-the.md) _(Current version)_
