### [2011-05-15](/news/2011/05/15/index.md)

# ''The New York Times'' reports that private military company Xe Services LLC (previously Blackwater Worldwide) is putting together an army of mercenaries in the United Arab Emirates. 

Erik Prince has been hired to assemble a force of foreign troops in the United Arab Emirates, according to a variety of sources.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/15/world/middleeast/15prince.html?pagewanted=1&_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
2. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
3. [A Belgian court condemns an United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-belgian-court-condemns-an-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sentence-for-human-trafficking.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
4. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: The New York Times_
5. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [The Somali pirates that hijacked the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, release it without condition. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-somali-pirates-that-hijacked-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-release-it-without-condition.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. ](/news/2017/03/14/off-the-northern-coast-of-somalia-somali-pirates-hijack-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-kidnapping-eight-sri-lank.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: The New York Times_
9. [The United Arab Emirates announces at the World Government Summit that its planned passenger drone will begin operations in July. ](/news/2017/02/14/the-united-arab-emirates-announces-at-the-world-government-summit-that-its-planned-passenger-drone-will-begin-operations-in-july.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [At least 11 people are killed in a bombing in Kandahar, including five UAE diplomats. ](/news/2017/01/11/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-a-bombing-in-kandahar-including-five-uae-diplomats.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
