### [2007-11-20](/news/2007/11/20/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7102945.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7104399.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
2. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm.  Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
6. [ Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, spells out his conditions for a peace deal with Israel prior to a conference in Annapolis, Maryland next month. ](/news/2007/10/10/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-spells-out-his-conditions-for-a-peace-deal-with-israel-prior-to-a-conference-in.md) _Context: 2007 Mideast peace conference, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas meet to discuss the establishment of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2007/08/6/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-meet-to-discuss-the-establishment-of.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [ Israeli radio reports that Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert said he plans to meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in coming days. ](/news/2006/09/28/israeli-radio-reports-that-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-said-he-plans-to-meet-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-coming-days.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert says Operation Summer Rains will only end once abducted soldier Gilad Shalit is released: "There is no intention to reoccupy Gaza in order to stay there, but if certain operations are needed they will be carried out". ](/news/2006/07/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-says-operation-summer-rains-will-only-end-once-a.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Prime Minister of Israel_
