### [2005-07-8](/news/2005/07/8/index.md)

#  Florida Governor Jeb Bush closes the inquiry into the case of Terri Schiavo, having been informed by prosecutors that there is no evidence of any crime leading to her 1990 collapse. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/News/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-07-08T182145Z_01_N08406211_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-RIGHTS-SCHIAVO-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [ United States Supreme Court rejects appeal of Florida governor Jeb Bush to keep brain damaged Terri Schiavo alive against the wishes of her husband. Her parents try to remove her husband from the post of her guardian ](/news/2005/01/26/united-states-supreme-court-rejects-appeal-of-florida-governor-jeb-bush-to-keep-brain-damaged-terri-schiavo-alive-against-the-wishes-of-her.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush, Terri Schiavo_
2. [ United States district court judge Jeremy Fogel imposes a moratorium on lethal injections in California stating that they are unconstitutional. In an unrelated incident, the Governor of Florida Jeb Bush has suspended lethal injections in Florida pending an investigation into the system after the recent execution of ngel Nieves Daz took 34 minutes after it was botched. ](/news/2006/12/15/united-states-district-court-judge-jeremy-fogel-imposes-a-moratorium-on-lethal-injections-in-california-stating-that-they-are-unconstitutio.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
3. [ Hurricane Ernesto becomes the first hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Jeb Bush later declares a state of emergency due to its possible impact on Florida later in the week. ](/news/2006/08/27/hurricane-ernesto-becomes-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2006-atlantic-hurricane-season-jeb-bush-later-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-it.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
4. [ Tropical Storm Alberto threatens to hit the Northwest coast of Florida, United States. Hurricane warnings are issued and Gov. Jeb Bush declares a state of emergency. Mandatory evacuations are ordered for low-lying areas. ](/news/2006/06/12/tropical-storm-alberto-threatens-to-hit-the-northwest-coast-of-florida-united-states-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-and-gov-jeb-bush-decl.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
5. [ Terri Schiavo dies 13 days after her feeding tube was removed by court order in Florida, US. ](/news/2005/03/31/terri-schiavo-dies-13-days-after-her-feeding-tube-was-removed-by-court-order-in-florida-us.md) _Context: Florida, Terri Schiavo_
6. [2017 Orlando shooting: A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-orlando-shooting-a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
