### [2005-07-8](/news/2005/07/8/index.md)

#  Following general elections in May, Ethiopia releases the first round of official results for 307 of 527 parliamentary seats. The ruling EPRDF has won 139 seats, while opposition parties CUD and UEDF won 93 and 42, respectively. Smaller parties and independent candidates won the remaining 33 seats.  CUD and UEDF announced plans to form a coalition government. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4660047.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Ethiopian general elections, 2005: The National Elections Board of Ethiopia, following repeat voting in 31 areas, announces that the ruling EPRDF coalition has retained control of the government, obtaining 59 percent of the seats in Parliament. ([http://www.irinnews.org/report.asp?ReportID=48905&SelectRegion=Horn_of_Africa&SelectCountry=ETHIOPIA IRIN])](/news/2005/09/5/ethiopian-general-elections-2005-the-national-elections-board-of-ethiopia-following-repeat-voting-in-31-areas-announces-that-the-ruling.md) _Context: 2005 elections, EPRDF, Ethiopia_
2. [ Ethiopian general elections: At least 22 Ethiopians are killed at demonstrations in Addis Ababa between police and students who accuse the ruling party of fraud in last month's general elections. ](/news/2005/06/8/ethiopian-general-elections-at-least-22-ethiopians-are-killed-at-demonstrations-in-addis-ababa-between-police-and-students-who-accuse-the.md) _Context: 2005 elections, EPRDF, Ethiopia_
3. [ In Ethiopia, police arrest more than 500 students who protest against the parliamentary elections. The ruling EPRDF party claims victory but official results have been delayed until July 8 due to complaints of electoral fraud and opposition protests ](/news/2005/06/6/in-ethiopia-police-arrest-more-than-500-students-who-protest-against-the-parliamentary-elections-the-ruling-eprdf-party-claims-victory-bu.md) _Context: 2005 elections, EPRDF, Ethiopia_
4. [ Ethiopia: Government prosecutors withdrew charges against 18 out of 129 opposition figures and journalists facing charges following last year's violent skirmishes in the country. However, none of the party leaders of the Coalition for Unity and Democracy (CUD) were included in this action.](/news/2006/03/22/ethiopia-government-prosecutors-withdrew-charges-against-18-out-of-129-opposition-figures-and-journalists-facing-charges-following-last-ye.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
5. [ In Ethiopia, main opposition group Coalition for Unity and Democracy states that government investigators have dropped all their complaints about possible election fraud. Government still has not released any results ](/news/2005/06/22/in-ethiopia-main-opposition-group-coalition-for-unity-and-democracy-states-that-government-investigators-have-dropped-all-their-complaints.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
6. [ In Ethiopia, opposition says that the leaders of Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Hailu Shawel and senior official Lidetu Ayalew, are under house arrest and demand their release. ](/news/2005/06/11/in-ethiopia-opposition-says-that-the-leaders-of-coalition-for-unity-and-democracy-hailu-shawel-and-senior-official-lidetu-ayalew-are-und.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
7. [ In Ethiopia, provisional results indicate that the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front of prime minister Meles Zenawi has won parliamentary majority. Opposition claims vote rigging. Final results are due June 8 ](/news/2005/05/28/in-ethiopia-provisional-results-indicate-that-the-ruling-ethiopian-people-s-revolutionary-democratic-front-of-prime-minister-meles-zenawi.md) _Context: EPRDF, Ethiopia_
8. [ Ethiopian prime minister Meles Zenawi bans demonstrations in the capital Addis Ababa for one month after Sunday's parliamentary elections. Opposition parties, especially Coalition for Unity and Democracy accuse government of electoral fraud and harassment of their election observers. No results have been published yet. ](/news/2005/05/16/ethiopian-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-bans-demonstrations-in-the-capital-addis-ababa-for-one-month-after-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Coalition for Unity and Democracy, Ethiopia_
9. [ Ethiopia's ruling party EPRDF states it has won general elections when the opposition claims a victory. Voter turnout was over 90%. ](/news/2005/05/16/ethiopia-s-ruling-party-eprdf-states-it-has-won-general-elections-when-the-opposition-claims-a-victory-voter-turnout-was-over-90.md) _Context: EPRDF, Ethiopia_
10. [USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earlier-as.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
