### [2005-07-8](/news/2005/07/8/index.md)

#  Hurricane Dennis, the first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, approaches Cuba. It is heading towards the Gulf Coast of the United States, with landfall expected on Sunday or Monday. [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/ (NOAA)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Gustav reaches hurricane strength en route to the Cayman Islands, Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/08/29/hurricane-gustav-reaches-hurricane-strength-en-route-to-the-cayman-islands-cuba-and-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cuba, hurricane_
2. [ Residents in south Florida prepare for Tropical Storm Ernesto with concerns that the storm could again strengthen and become a hurricane after it leaves Cuba. ](/news/2006/08/29/residents-in-south-florida-prepare-for-tropical-storm-ernesto-with-concerns-that-the-storm-could-again-strengthen-and-become-a-hurricane-af.md) _Context: Cuba, hurricane_
3. [ The World Meteorological Organization has announced the retirement of a record five storm names from the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Retired names include Dennis, Katrina, Rita, Stan and Wilma. ](/news/2006/04/6/the-world-meteorological-organization-has-announced-the-retirement-of-a-record-five-storm-names-from-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-re.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, Dennis_
4. [ Hurricane Epsilon strengthens from a tropical storm to become the record breaking fourteenth hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. ](/news/2005/12/2/hurricane-epsilon-strengthens-from-a-tropical-storm-to-become-the-record-breaking-fourteenth-hurricane-of-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-seaso.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, hurricane_
5. [ 2005 Atlantic hurricane season: Rain from Hurricane Emily causes flooding and mudslides in Grenada, as the hurricane continues to grow to near Category 3 strength. ](/news/2005/07/14/2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-rain-from-hurricane-emily-causes-flooding-and-mudslides-in-grenada-as-the-hurricane-continues-to-grow-to-n.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, hurricane_
6. [ According to the Cuban government, Hurricane Dennis killed 16 and caused $1.4 billion in damages. ](/news/2005/07/12/according-to-the-cuban-government-hurricane-dennis-killed-16-and-caused-1-4-billion-in-damages.md) _Context: Cuba, Dennis_
7. [ 2005 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Arlene, the first storm of the season, forms south of Cuba, and is expected to strike Cuba and the U.S. Gulf coast later in the week. ](/news/2005/06/9/2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-arlene-the-first-storm-of-the-season-forms-south-of-cuba-and-is-expected-to-strike-cuba-a.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba_
8. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
9. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: hurricane_
10. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba_
