### [2002-05-30](/news/2002/05/30/index.md)

#  September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack: A wordless ceremony at the World Trade Center site marks the end of the recovery effort. In the ceremony, which started at 10:29 a.m. with the tolling of a firemen's bell, a stretcher with an American flag, symbolizing the victims whose remains were not recovered or yet identified was carried up the 500-foot ramp to an FDNY ambulance, which slowly left the site, as did the flatbed truck carrying the last steel beam to be removed. The ceremony included the playing of America the Beautiful by the NYPD pipe-and-drum corps, a flyover by five NYPD helicopters, and the playing of taps by a NYPD and FDNY bugler. The ceremony was attended by hundreds of rescue and recovery workers, family members of victimes, and New York politicians.




### Related:

1. [ September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack: The last steel beam standing at the World Trade Center site is cut down and placed on a flatbed truck (to be carried away Thursday) in a quiet ceremony honoring the construction workers.](/news/2002/05/28/september-11-2001-terrorist-attack-the-last-steel-beam-standing-at-the-world-trade-center-site-is-cut-down-and-placed-on-a-flatbed-truck.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services, recovery effort_
2. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: American flag_
3. [ Police in New York kill an unarmed man, Sean Bell, on his wedding day. They fired more than 50 times. ](/news/2006/11/25/police-in-new-york-kill-an-unarmed-man-sean-bell-on-his-wedding-day-they-fired-more-than-50-times.md) _Context: Police in New York_
4. [Henry Kissinger stepped down as the chairman of a panel investigating the September 11 attacks, citing conflict of interest with his clients. The choice of Kissinger by President George W. Bush.](/news/2002/12/13/henry-kissinger-stepped-down-as-the-chairman-of-a-panel-investigating-the-september-11-attacks-citing-conflict-of-interest-with-his-clients.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
5. [ September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services: The US Congress convenes for a one-day joint session in Federal Hall in New York City, the original capital of the United States.](/news/2002/09/6/september-11-2001-terrorist-attack-memorials-and-services-the-us-congress-convenes-for-a-one-day-joint-session-in-federal-hall-in-new-yor.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A think tank affiliated with the Arab League ended its meeting in Cairo by calling Jews "enemies of all nations", by claiming that Arabs, as Semites, cannot be anti-Semitic, and by claiming that the events of September 11, 2001 were concocted by the United States government. See ](/news/2002/08/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-think-tank-affiliated-with-the-arab-league-ended-its-meeting-in-cairo-by-calling-jews-enemies-of-all-natio.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
7. [ US Airways declares bankruptcy, caused by the air travel slowdown following the September 11, 2001, Terrorist Attack.](/news/2002/08/12/us-airways-declares-bankruptcy-caused-by-the-air-travel-slowdown-following-the-september-11-2001-terrorist-attack.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
