### [2004-06-1](/news/2004/06/1/index.md)

#  Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeats Republican Larry Diedrich in a closely watched by-election for South Dakota's US House seat. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/06/02/south.dakota.ap/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=5318487)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uslatest/story/0,1282,-4158603,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., resigns from the United States House of Representatives in the wake of questions about e-mails and instant messages he wrote to a former Capitol page. ](/news/2006/09/29/rep-mark-foley-r-fla-resigns-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-in-the-wake-of-questions-about-e-mails-and-instant-message.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives reject a Republican resolution offered by Duncan Hunter (R-California) "expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the deployment of United States forces in Iraq be terminated immediately" by a vote of 403-3. Ohio Republican Jean Schmidt is forced by Democratic (and quiet Republican) protests to apologise to Pennsylvania Democrat John Murtha for quoting a Marine who said those wishing to "cut and run" from Iraq are called "cowards" The Marine she claimed to be quoting told he never said any such thing. ](/news/2005/11/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-reject-a-republican-resolution-offered-by-duncan-hunter-r-california-expressing-the-sense-of.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ U.S. presidential election: Several Democratic Party members of the U.S. House of Representatives request that the United Nations send observers to monitor the November 2 presidential election, citing the disputed 2000 presidential outcome. ](/news/2004/07/2/u-s-presidential-election-several-democratic-party-members-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-request-that-the-united-nations-send-obse.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ U.S. Democratic and Republican leaders in Congress condemn the alleged mistreatment of Iraqi detainees in the strongest terms and call for a congressional investigation. ](/news/2004/05/4/u-s-democratic-and-republican-leaders-in-congress-condemn-the-alleged-mistreatment-of-iraqi-detainees-in-the-strongest-terms-and-call-for.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
5. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
6. [ Staff members of the United States Republican Party are accused of infiltrating Democratic Party computers and making copies of confidential files stored on the compromised computers. The infiltrations reportedly began in early 2002.](/news/2004/01/22/staff-members-of-the-united-states-republican-party-are-accused-of-infiltrating-democratic-party-computers-and-making-copies-of-confidentia.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
7. [South Dakota Congressman Bill Janklow is convicted of a series of criminal charges including second-degree manslaughter, which can carry a prison term of up to 10 years. He says he will resign his congressional seat. [http://www.msnbc.com/news/999765.asp?vts=120820031804&cp1=1]](/news/2003/12/8/south-dakota-congressman-bill-janklow-is-convicted-of-a-series-of-criminal-charges-including-second-degree-manslaughter-which-can-carry-a-p.md) _Context: South Dakota, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ In Louisiana, conservative Democrat Kathleen Blanco defeats Republican Bobby Jindal to become the first woman in that state to be elected governor. Jindal is the son of immigrants from India.](/news/2003/11/15/in-louisiana-conservative-democrat-kathleen-blanco-defeats-republican-bobby-jindal-to-become-the-first-woman-in-that-state-to-be-elected-g.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
9. [ Congressman William J. Janklow, the only Representative from the state of South Dakota, is charged with vehicular manslaughter for an accident on August 16 in which Janklow's speeding car ran a stop sign and hit and killed a motorcyclist.](/news/2003/08/29/congressman-william-j-janklow-the-only-representative-from-the-state-of-south-dakota-is-charged-with-vehicular-manslaughter-for-an-accid.md) _Context: South Dakota, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ "The Guardian" reports that the Republican Party of Texas had the help of the United States Department of Homeland Security to track down several Democratic Party state legislators who had fled the state to prevent the state's House of Representatives from meeting with a quorum.](/news/2003/05/16/the-guardian-reports-that-the-republican-party-of-texas-had-the-help-of-the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-to-track-down-s.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
