### [2004-06-1](/news/2004/06/1/index.md)

#  RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". 

Channel NewsAsia - Breaking News, Asia-Pacific news coverage from Channel NewsAsia featuring Business, World, Sport, Entertainment, Technology, Health, Lifestyle and Live Streaming.


### Source:

1. [Channelnewsasia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/87866/1/.html)
2. [TheStraitsTimes](http://straitstimes.asia1.com.sg/asia/story/0,4386,254059,00.html?)

### Related:

1. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
2. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.](/news/2004/03/29/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-pan-blue-coalition-drops-its-demand-for-another-round-of-voting-by-members-of-the-military-and-the-pol.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
3. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The controversial victory of Chen Shui-bian is confirmed by the state electoral commission, with a margin of only 29,518 votes - 0.2% of the total&nbsp;- separating the candidates. Pan-Blue protestors storm and hurl eggs at the Central Electoral Commission building. ](/news/2004/03/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-controversial-victory-of-chen-shui-bian-is-confirmed-by-the-state-electoral-commission-with-a-margin.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
4. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Candidates Lien Chan of the Pan-Blue Coalition and President Chen Shui-bian of the Pan-Green Coalition participate in a televised debate.](/news/2004/02/14/roc-presidential-election-2004-candidates-lien-chan-of-the-pan-blue-coalition-and-president-chen-shui-bian-of-the-pan-green-coalition-par.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
5. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: coalition allies, legislative chamber_
6. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Premier_
7. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
8. [ A vote in the Legislative Yuan to recall Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian, who is implicated in numerous corruption scandals, fails to gain the necessary two-thirds majority. ](/news/2006/06/27/a-vote-in-the-legislative-yuan-to-recall-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-who-is-implicated-in-numerous-corruption-scandals-fails-to-ga.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, legislative chamber_
9. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: coalition allies, legislative chamber_
10. [ President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui-bian announces the cease of the function of the National Unification Council and the application of the Guidelines for National Unification. The move is condemned by the pan-Blue Coalition and People's Republic of China. Chen says that the reversal is a response to aggression by the PRC. ](/news/2006/02/27/president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-announces-the-cease-of-the-function-of-the-national-unification-council-and-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
