### [2005-05-22](/news/2005/05/22/index.md)

#  Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, was heckled and booed at a meeting to promote the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip by several U.S. Jews. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4571821.stm)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, United States_
2. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, United States_
3. [ The prime minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is transferred to the Hadassah Ein Kerem hospital in Jerusalem after suffering a minor stroke. Meanwhile, some Palestinians have taken to the streets in Gaza to celebrate Sharon's health condition and the Kahane organisation has urged Jews to pray for his death. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3186378,00.html (Ynetnews)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/12/18/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-transferred-to-the-hadassah-ein-kerem-hospital-in-jerusalem-after-suffering-a-minor-stroke-me.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza Strip, Israeli Prime Minister, Jew_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, United States_
6. [Israel-Turkey relations:: Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-turkey-relations-israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-d.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [The Israeli Navy intercepts the ship "Irene" carrying Israeli and Jewish activists bringing foreign aid to the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/28/the-israeli-navy-intercepts-the-ship-irene-carrying-israeli-and-jewish-activists-bringing-foreign-aid-to-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Jew_
8. [A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". ](/news/2010/08/22/a-bolivian-flagged-all-female-international-aid-ship-bound-for-gaza-is-delayed-as-cyprus-bans-it-from-passing-with-israel-s-ehud-barak-call.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United States_
9. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United States_
10. [A 2001 film, depicting Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu discussing methods of undermining the Oslo Accords and saying the United States is "easy" to manipulate, is aired on Israel's Channel 10. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-2001-film-depicting-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-discussing-methods-of-undermining-the-oslo-accords-and-saying-the-united.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, United States_
