### [2005-05-22](/news/2005/05/22/index.md)

#  Israel arrests a 15-year-old Palestinian at a Hawara checkpoint, near Nablus, wearing a suicide bomb belt. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/578988.html)

### Related:

1. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
2. [ Israeli troops kill a Palestinian shopkeeper and seriously injure another in the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/06/2/israeli-troops-kill-a-palestinian-shopkeeper-and-seriously-injure-another-in-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, Palestinian_
4. [ The Israeli Shin Bet (SHABAK) states that one month ago it arrested an alleged eight-member Palestinian militant cell in Nablus that included four teenage would-be suicide bombers. It claimed that the cell was part of Fatah (the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority), and that the Lebanese group Hezbollah was behind it. ](/news/2005/06/15/the-israeli-shin-bet-shabak-states-that-one-month-ago-it-arrested-an-alleged-eight-member-palestinian-militant-cell-in-nablus-that-includ.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, suicide bomber_
5. [ A 15-year Palestinian boy was caught in Hawara checkpoint (near Nablus), hiding five pipe bombs under his coat. He apparently tried to ignite them with a match when the soldiers apprehended him. Soldiers later pose for photographs with the boy. His brother says he did so in order to study for his high-school matriculation exams in an Israeli prison. ](/news/2005/04/12/a-15-year-palestinian-boy-was-caught-in-hawara-checkpoint-near-nablus-hiding-five-pipe-bombs-under-his-coat-he-apparently-tried-to-igni.md) _Context: Hawara, Nablus, Palestinian_
6. [ Reem El-Reyashi, a Palestinian suicide bomber, kills four border guards at the Erez Crossing. She is the first female suicide bomber used by Hamas. Four months before, Israel targeted Hamas leadership, including Ahmed Yassin, as a result Hamas halted all suicide bombing for four months. Jack Kelley, USA TODAY foreign correspondent and a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize just two years ago, was forced to resign after the newspaper determined he repeatedly misled editors during an internal investigation into stories he wrote. Among the stories that are being investigated is one published September 4, 2001, contains an account of an attack on Palestinians by 13 Jewish settlers in the West Bank. Mark Memmott, the reporter asked to investigate Kelley, said he could not find anyone with first-hand knowledge of the attack.](/news/2004/01/14/reem-el-reyashi-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-four-border-guards-at-the-erez-crossing-she-is-the-first-female-suicide-bomber-used-b.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber blows herself up in a crowded beach restaurant in the northern Israeli port city of Haifa, killing at least 19 people and wounding about two dozen, at least six seriously. Hours later Israeli helicopter gunships retaliate by attacking targets in Gaza City and Central Gaza.](/news/2003/10/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-blows-herself-up-in-a-crowded-beach-restaurant-in-the-northern-israeli-port-city.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills at least 8 Israelis and seriously wounds 15 others at a bus stop near Rishon LeZion. Several hours later this is followed by a second suicide bombing at a Jerusalem caf, in which 7 more people are killed and dozens are wounded.](/news/2003/09/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-8-israelis-and-seriously-wounds-15-others-at-a-bus-stop-near-rish.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, Palestinian_
10. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, suicide bomber_
