### [2003-12-5](/news/2003/12/5/index.md)

# Members of the Canadian Alliance vote 96% to 4% in favour of forming a union with the Progressive Conservative Party, called the Conservative Party of Canada. The Progressive Conservatives will vote tomorrow. 




### Related:

1. [The new Conservative Party of Canada, resulting from the merger of the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, is officially registered with Elections Canada. The party's first interim leader is John Lynch-Staunton, with a leadership race scheduled for March 2004. [http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20031208.wmerg1208/BNStory/National/]](/news/2003/12/8/the-new-conservative-party-of-canada-resulting-from-the-merger-of-the-canadian-alliance-and-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-i.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
2. [ Delegates representing the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada vote 90% to 10% in favour of forming a union with the Canadian Alliance. The Alliance approved the measure even more overwhelmingly yesterday, with 96% support. The new party is to style itself the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/06/tories_vote031206]](/news/2003/12/6/delegates-representing-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-vote-90-to-10-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-canadian-alliance.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
3. [ The Canadian Alliance and Progressive Conservative Party of Canada strike a deal to merge. The deal creating the Conservative Party of Canada must be ratified by each party's membership before December 12.](/news/2003/10/15/the-canadian-alliance-and-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-strike-a-deal-to-merge-the-deal-creating-the-conservative-party-of-cana.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
4. [Scott Brison becomes the fourth caucus member of the former Progressive Conservative Party of Canada to leave the new Conservative Party of Canada, crossing the floor to the Liberals. [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1071056728899&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2003/12/10/scott-brison-becomes-the-fourth-caucus-member-of-the-former-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-to-leave-the-new-conservative-party-of.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
5. [ Larry Spencer of the Canadian Alliance party makes public statements stating his desire to recriminalize homosexual behaviour in Canada to combat what he claimed was a conspiracy by the homosexual community to infiltrate social institutions to recruit children into the "homosexual lifestyle". He was quickly denounced by numerous public figures including his own party leader, Stephen Harper, who also made him resign his position as Family Issue Critic in the Canadian House of Commons with an apology. However, commentators have noted that these inflammatory homophobic statements have placed the pending vote on the proposed merger with the Progressive Conservative Party on December 6 in jeopardy by illustrating fundamental differences between the parties concerning social attitudes.](/news/2003/11/27/larry-spencer-of-the-canadian-alliance-party-makes-public-statements-stating-his-desire-to-recriminalize-homosexual-behaviour-in-canada-to.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
6. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
7. [Canadian Senator and former Conservative Party campaign director Doug Finley dies of cancer. ](/news/2013/05/11/canadian-senator-and-former-conservative-party-campaign-director-doug-finley-dies-of-cancer.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
8. [Canadian Senator Patrick Brazeau is arrested over an incident relating to domestic violence. The ruling Conservative Party of Canada in response removes him from caucus. ](/news/2013/02/7/canadian-senator-patrick-brazeau-is-arrested-over-an-incident-relating-to-domestic-violence-the-ruling-conservative-party-of-canada-in-resp.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
9. [Elections Canada has traced allegations of fraudulent robocalls engaging in voter suppression in 18 ridings during the Canadian federal election, 2011 to Racknine Inc., a small Edmonton call centre that worked for the Conservative Party of Canada party's national campaign. ](/news/2012/02/23/elections-canada-has-traced-allegations-of-fraudulent-robocalls-engaging-in-voter-suppression-in-18-ridings-during-the-canadian-federal-elec.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
10. [Results from the 41st Canadian General Election give the Conservative Party of Canada a majority government while the NDP will form the Official Opposition for the first time in Canadian political history.](/news/2011/05/3/results-from-the-41st-canadian-general-election-give-the-conservative-party-of-canada-a-majority-government-while-the-ndp-will-form-the-offi.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
