### [2003-12-5](/news/2003/12/5/index.md)

# Suicide bombers blow up a morning rush-hour commuter train in Russia's Northern Caucasus, on the border with Chechnya; at least 40 people are killed. 




### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:: Five police officers are killed and twelve others wounded in a suicide bombing in Grozny, the capital of Russia's North Caucasian republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2014/10/5/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-five-police-officers-are-killed-and-twelve-others-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-grozny-the-capital-of.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia, suicide bombing_
2. [LGBT rights in Russia: Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains -absolute lies and disinformation- since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/lgbt-rights-in-russia-russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figure.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
3. [The city of Grozny in the Russian republic of Chechnya holds a protest with 60% of the population in attendance in opposition to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. ](/news/2015/01/19/the-city-of-grozny-in-the-russian-republic-of-chechnya-holds-a-protest-with-60-of-the-population-in-attendance-in-opposition-to-the-charlie.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
4. [One of the Grozny-City Towers, the tallest building in Chechnya, Russia, is damaged in a large fire. ](/news/2013/04/4/one-of-the-grozny-city-towers-the-tallest-building-in-chechnya-russia-is-damaged-in-a-large-fire.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
5. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:: Four police officers are killed and five injured after a suicide bombing in the Russian republic of Dagestan. ](/news/2013/02/14/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-four-police-officers-are-killed-and-five-injured-after-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-russian-republic-of-dages.md) _Context: Russia, suicide bombing_
6. [North Caucasus insurgency:: Seven policemen are killed and at least eight wounded in a suicide bombing attack in Russia's North Caucasus republic of Ingushetia. ](/news/2012/08/19/north-caucasus-insurgency-seven-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-eight-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-attack-in-russia-s-north-caucasus-rep.md) _Context: Russia, suicide bombing_
7. [North Caucasus insurgency: 4 police officers are killed in an attack near Grozny, the capital of the Russian North Caucasus republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2012/08/17/north-caucasus-insurgency-4-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-near-grozny-the-capital-of-the-russian-north-caucasus-republic-of-chec.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
8. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: The Chechen rebel leader Doku Umarov orders his subordinates to halt attacks on the civilian population of Russia, while leaving military and security personnel as legitimate targets.](/news/2012/02/3/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-chechen-rebel-leader-doku-umarov-orders-his-subordinates-to-halt-attacks-on-the-civilian-population-of.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
9. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: Dozens are killed and wounded as fighting intensifies between the Russian forces and the local Muslim insurgents in Chechnya and Dagestan. ](/news/2012/02/17/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-dozens-are-killed-and-wounded-as-fighting-intensifies-between-the-russian-forces-and-the-local-muslim-insu.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
10. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: Clashes occur between the Russian forces and Islamist militants in the Vedensky District, Chechnya, with reportedly 8 killed and 16 wounded. ](/news/2012/01/9/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-clashes-occur-between-the-russian-forces-and-islamist-militants-in-the-vedensky-district-chechnya-with-r.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
