### [2003-12-5](/news/2003/12/5/index.md)

# The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) is opened in Abuja, Nigeria, by Queen Elizabeth II. The future of Zimbabwe's membership is threatening to dominate the gathering. The debate has been marked by bitter personal polemics between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom Mugabe accuses of leading an "Anglo-Saxon conspiracy" against Zimbabwe. Mugabe himself is barred from entering the European Union. Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth last year on charges that Mugabe had rigged his re-election in 2002. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/politics/story.jsp?story=470202][http://news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,8088518%5E401,00.html]




### Related:

1. [The European Union suspends sanctions against 81 officials and eight firms in Zimbabwe, but those against President Robert Mugabe and his top aides remain in place. ](/news/2013/03/25/the-european-union-suspends-sanctions-against-81-officials-and-eight-firms-in-zimbabwe-but-those-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-to.md) _Context: European Union, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [Zimbabwe requests apologies from American, German and European Union envoys who walked out of the burial ceremony for President Robert Mugabe's sister; they refuse to apologise. ](/news/2010/08/3/zimbabwe-requests-apologies-from-american-german-and-european-union-envoys-who-walked-out-of-the-burial-ceremony-for-president-robert-mugab.md) _Context: European Union, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [ President Robert Mugabe says Zimbabwe's first high-level talks with top EU officials in seven years went well. ](/news/2009/09/12/president-robert-mugabe-says-zimbabwe-s-first-high-level-talks-with-top-eu-officials-in-seven-years-went-well.md) _Context: European Union, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [ Portuguese Minister of Foreign Affairs Lus Amado says Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is not welcome at the December European Union-African Union summit in Lisbon. United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown says he will not attend if Mugabe is present. ](/news/2007/11/21/portuguese-minister-of-foreign-affairs-luis-amado-says-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-is-not-welcome-at-the-december-european-union-afr.md) _Context: European Union, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [ The elections in Zimbabwe have proceeded with large queues seen at many polling stations. No violence has been reported, and Incumbent president Robert Mugabe of the ZANU-PF party has declared the elections to be free and fair.  Opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai of the party MDC, disputes this, but still believes his party will win.  The election has already been branded unfair by both the U.S. and the EU and their observers have been barred from monitoring the poll. Results are expected in two days.](/news/2005/03/31/the-elections-in-zimbabwe-have-proceeded-with-large-queues-seen-at-many-polling-stations-no-violence-has-been-reported-and-incumbent-pres.md) _Context: European Union, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [ European Union countries renew sanctions against the government of Robert Mugabe in Zimbabwe ](/news/2005/02/22/european-union-countries-renew-sanctions-against-the-government-of-robert-mugabe-in-zimbabwe.md) _Context: European Union, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [ Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe announces that he is withdrawing his country from the Commonwealth of Nations. The Commonwealth had earlier decided to maintain Zimbabwe's suspension until human rights and democratic reforms had taken place. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=417200&section=news]](/news/2003/12/7/zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-announces-that-he-is-withdrawing-his-country-from-the-commonwealth-of-nations-the-commonwealth-had-earl.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Australia, European Union_
9. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
