### [2003-12-5](/news/2003/12/5/index.md)

# The 22nd SEA Games open in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. This is the first time Vietnam has hosted the regional athletic event and the first time East Timor has sent a delegation. Indonesia and Vietnam are expected to top the medal tallies. 




### Related:

1. [Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were  involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam-the.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
2. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
3. [Indonesia executes six people for drug trafficking including foreign citizens from Brazil, Malawi, the Netherlands, Nigeria, and Vietnam. Brazil and the Netherlands withdraw their ambassadors in protest. ](/news/2015/01/18/indonesia-executes-six-people-for-drug-trafficking-including-foreign-citizens-from-brazil-malawi-the-netherlands-nigeria-and-vietnam-br.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
4. [McDonald's opens their first restaurant within Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh City. ](/news/2014/02/8/mcdonald-s-opens-their-first-restaurant-within-vietnam-in-ho-chi-minh-city.md) _Context: Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam_
5. [Starbucks plans to open a coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, expanding its reach to 12 Asian nations. ](/news/2013/01/3/starbucks-plans-to-open-a-coffee-shop-in-ho-chi-minh-city-vietnam-expanding-its-reach-to-12-asian-nations.md) _Context: Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam_
6. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
7. [The Australian Federal Police charges six senior executives, all former employees of two companies owned by the Reserve Bank of Australia, Securency and Note Printing Australia, in relation to alleged bribery of officials in Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia. ](/news/2011/07/1/the-australian-federal-police-charges-six-senior-executives-all-former-employees-of-two-companies-owned-by-the-reserve-bank-of-australia-s.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
8. [ The government in East Timor faces a motion of no confidence after releasing an Indonesian militia member, Martenus Bere, accused of crimes against humanity a decade ago. ](/news/2009/10/12/the-government-in-east-timor-faces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-after-releasing-an-indonesian-militia-member-martenus-bere-accused-of-crimes.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
9. [ A New South Wales coroner concludes that a group of five journalists, known as the Balibo Five, were deliberately killed by Indonesian forces in 1975 in order to prevent them exposing Indonesia's 1975 invasion of East Timor. ](/news/2007/11/15/a-new-south-wales-coroner-concludes-that-a-group-of-five-journalists-known-as-the-balibo-five-were-deliberately-killed-by-indonesian-forc.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
10. [ People in East Timor finish voting in the second round of the country's first presidential election since it gained independence from Indonesia in 2002. ](/news/2007/05/9/people-in-east-timor-finish-voting-in-the-second-round-of-the-country-s-first-presidential-election-since-it-gained-independence-from-indon.md) _Context: East Timor, Indonesia_
