### [2009-12-23](/news/2009/12/23/index.md)

#  Authorities in Uzbekistan fell trees, some of which are more than a century old, in the capital Tashkent, in a controversy which has drawn protests. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8421479.stm)

### Related:

1. [ An Uzbek military Antonov An-2 aircraft crashes near Tashkent, Uzbekistan, killing all of the 15 people on board. The Uzbek Emergency Ministry says the pilots lost control of the plane while trying to land. ](/news/2006/10/19/an-uzbek-military-antonov-an-2-aircraft-crashes-near-tashkent-uzbekistan-killing-all-of-the-15-people-on-board-the-uzbek-emergency-minis.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
2. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group "Appeal", says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. [http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/05/16/artsevents/web.0516uzbek.php (IHT)] [http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/05/16/uzbekistan050516.html (CBC)] [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L16708160.htm (Reuters AlertNet)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8505718 (Reuters)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/05/16/uzbekistan.unrest/ (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4549873.stm (BBC)] [http://www.moscowtimes.ru/stories/2005/05/16/003.html (Moscow Times)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
3. [Government of Uzbekistan. Uzbekistan Deputy Prime Minister Rustam Azimov is dismissed by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev, who had earlier criticized Azimov for failing to control financiers' activities. He is replaced by former Deputy Finance Minister Jamshed Kuchkarev. ](/news/2017/06/6/government-of-uzbekistan-uzbekistan-deputy-prime-minister-rustam-azimov-is-dismissed-by-president-shavkat-mirziyoyev-who-had-earlier-criti.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
4. [Uzbekistani presidential election, 2016. Voters in Uzbekistan go to the polls for a presidential election, the first since the death of Islam Karimov who governed the country for 25 years. ](/news/2016/12/4/uzbekistani-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-uzbekistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-the-first-since-the-death-of-isla.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
5. [Uzbekistan-s parliament appoints Shavkat Mirziyoyev as interim president after the death of President Islam Karimov. ](/news/2016/09/8/uzbekistan-s-parliament-appoints-shavkat-mirziyoyev-as-interim-president-after-the-death-of-president-islam-karimov.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
6. [President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan dies after 27 years in office. ](/news/2016/09/2/president-islam-karimov-of-uzbekistan-dies-after-27-years-in-office.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
8. [2016 Istanbul airport attack. A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/2016-istanbul-airport-attack-a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
9. [Erasmus bus crash. A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/erasmus-bus-crash-a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-ita.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
10. [The United States is reportedly blocking a $400 million plan by South Korea to sell KAI T-50 Golden Eagle trainer jets, co-developed in 2006 with Lockheed Martin, to Uzbekistan, according to "The Korea Times". The aircraft uses Lockheed Martin technologies -- including avionics -- and as such requires permission under the U.S. Arms Export Control Act for its sale to other countries. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-united-states-is-reportedly-blocking-a-400-million-plan-by-south-korea-to-sell-kai-t-50-golden-eagle-trainer-jets-co-developed-in-2006.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
