### [2009-12-23](/news/2009/12/23/index.md)

#  Shia insurgency in Yemen led to the deaths of 73 Saudi soldiers, while more than 100 Houthis have been killed in recent days. 

Refugees in northern Yemen say that their villages were bombed in an escalating conflict with Houthi rebels. The population of the largest refugee camps doubled in the past month, prompting UNHCR to open a third one Dec. 17.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5h7by4V1Kj-nErwy6zz7s4mwYaEog)
2. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.com/detail.aspx?id=114056&sectionid=351020206)
3. [The Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Middle-East/2009/1222/Fresh-fighting-in-Yemen-ignites-refugee-crisis)
4. [The Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/terrorism-security/2009/1221/Saudi-air-strike-kills-Yemen-rebels-as-US-drawn-into-fight)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2009/12/22/world/international-uk-saudi-yemen-rebels.html)

### Related:

1. [ Rebel Houthis in Yemen cross the border into Saudi Arabia, killing a Saudi security officer and injuring 11 others. ](/news/2009/11/4/rebel-houthis-in-yemen-cross-the-border-into-saudi-arabia-killing-a-saudi-security-officer-and-injuring-11-others.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Shia insurgency in Yemen_
2. [Houthi shelling kills seven in Saudi Arabia; nine Yemenis from one family die from an airstrike by the Saudi-led alliance. ](/news/2016/08/16/houthi-shelling-kills-seven-in-saudi-arabia-nine-yemenis-from-one-family-die-from-an-airstrike-by-the-saudi-led-alliance.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Conflict in Najran. Saudi Arabia's Interior Ministry says five border guards have been killed following clashes with Houthi militants on the border with Yemen. ](/news/2016/07/25/conflict-in-najran-saudi-arabia-s-interior-ministry-says-five-border-guards-have-been-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-on-the.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-ha.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Saudi-led airstrikes kill at least 30 people and wound 25 others in the southwestern Yemeni town of Sanabani at a wedding hosted by a tribal leader known to support the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/7/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-saudi-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-30-people-and-wound-25-others-in-the-southwestern-yemeni-town-of.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalitio.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Yemeni Civil War (2015). A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. ](/news/2015/10/17/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-targeting-houthis-in-the-southern-taiz-gov.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
