### [2009-12-23](/news/2009/12/23/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Pakistan orders the government to recognise "hijras" (eunuchs and transgender individuals) as a distinct gender. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8428819.stm BBC News])




### Related:

1. [GT road rally: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif goes home after his disqualification by the Supreme Court in the Panama Papers case. ](/news/2017/08/9/gt-road-rally-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-goes-home-after-his-disqualification-by-the-supreme-court-in-the-panama-papers.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
2. [Politics of Pakistan: The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/politics-of-pakistan-the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-offi.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
3. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
4. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
5. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
6. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
7. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan orders the Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to appear before it to explain his alleged failure to comply with orders reopening corruption charges against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-orders-the-prime-minister-raja-pervez-ashraf-to-appear-before-it-to-explain-his-alleged-failure-to-comply-with.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
8. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Raja Pervez Ashraf appears in the Pakistani Supreme Court over his failure to reopen investigations of corruption against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/27/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-raja-pervez-ashraf-appears-in-the-pakistani-supreme-court-over-his-failure-to-reopen-investigations-of-corrup.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan disqualifies prime minister Yousaf Raza Gillani from holding office after Gillani was found guilty in a contempt-of-court case on April 26. ](/news/2012/06/19/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-disqualifies-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-from-holding-office-after-gillani-was-found-guilty-in-a-contem.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
10. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan finds Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani guilty of contempt of court but he is given only a token sentence of imprisonment lasting less than a minute. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-finds-prime-minister-syed-yousaf-raza-gillani-guilty-of-contempt-of-court-but-he-is-given-only-a-token-sentenc.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
