### [2005-06-24](/news/2005/06/24/index.md)

#  An Italian judge ordering the arrest of 13 people linked to the CIA on charges of kidnapping terrorism suspect Abu Omar allegedly in order to have him tortured in Egypt dramatizes a growing rift between the U.S. and its allies in the War on Terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-0506250082jun25,1,1654457.story?coll=chi-newsnationworld-hed)
2. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/06/26/news/cia.php)

### Related:

1. [ An Italian judge has ordered 26 U.S. citizens, most of them CIA agents, to stand trial over the kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in Milan in 2003. ](/news/2007/02/16/an-italian-judge-has-ordered-26-u-s-citizens-most-of-them-cia-agents-to-stand-trial-over-the-kidnapping-of-an-egyptian-cleric-in-milan-i.md) _Context: Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, Italian, United States_
2. [Egypt-Italy relations: Murder of Giulio Regeni: Italy recalls its ambassador to Egypt for consultations in protest over the lack of progress in a probe into the fate of murdered Cambridge University student Giulio Regeni. "We want only one thing, the truth about what happened to Giulio," Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Friday. ](/news/2016/04/8/egypt-italy-relations-murder-of-giulio-regeni-italy-recalls-its-ambassador-to-egypt-for-consultations-in-protest-over-the-lack-of-progre.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
3. [European migrant crisis: More than 400 migrants, mostly from Somalia, drown in the Mediterranean Sea while traveling from Egypt to Italy. ](/news/2016/04/18/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-400-migrants-mostly-from-somalia-drown-in-the-mediterranean-sea-while-traveling-from-egypt-to-italy.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
4. [Egypt-United States relations: Egypt receives the final four of its order of 20 Lockheed Martin F-16 Block 52 multi-role fighters, according to the Defense Ministry. The United States had delayed delivery following the 2013 coup d'etat. ](/news/2015/11/6/egypt-united-states-relations-egypt-receives-the-final-four-of-its-order-of-20-lockheed-martin-f-16-block-52-multi-role-fighters-accordi.md) _Context: Egypt, United States_
5. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: Italian, United States_
6. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: Egypt, United States_
7. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: United States, torture_
8. [2015 Bombing of the Cairo Italian Consulate: A car bomb explodes outside the Italian consulate in the Egyptian capital Cairo, resulting in at least one death and four people injured; ISIS claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/07/11/2015-bombing-of-the-cairo-italian-consulate-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-italian-consulate-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-resulting-in-a.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
9. [The United States government suspends military and cash aid to Egypt worth hundreds of millions of dollars. ](/news/2013/10/9/the-united-states-government-suspends-military-and-cash-aid-to-egypt-worth-hundreds-of-millions-of-dollars.md) _Context: Egypt, United States_
10. [Turkey-s Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt-s President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egypt-s-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Egypt, United States_
