### [2005-06-24](/news/2005/06/24/index.md)

#  Five people are found shot to death at their Yuma, Arizona home, and a sixth victim dies at a local hospital [http://sun.yumasun.com/artman/publish/articles/story_17491.php/(Yumasun)]




### Related:

1. [2016 Taiwan earthquake: The earthquake death toll rises to 116. Tainan's disaster response office says search and rescue operations have ended. The last body was found yesterday. Ninety-six, of the 289 people rescued, remain hospitalized. ](/news/2016/02/14/2016-taiwan-earthquake-the-earthquake-death-toll-rises-to-116-tainan-s-disaster-response-office-says-search-and-rescue-operations-have-end.md) _Context: hospital_
2. [Martin Shkreli's Turing Pharmaceuticals is reneging on its pledge to cut the $750-per-pill price for Daraprim, a medication that has been marketed for 62 years. Instead, the biotech company is reducing what it charges hospitals, by up to 50 percent, for this parasitic infection treatment. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a pharmacy that compounds prescription drugs for individual patients, started selling a custom-made version of Pyrimethamine, the chemical name for Daraprim, for 99 cents per capsule. Impris reports orders are pouring in from doctors. ](/news/2015/11/26/martin-shkreli-s-turing-pharmaceuticals-is-reneging-on-its-pledge-to-cut-the-750-per-pill-price-for-daraprim-a-medication-that-has-been-ma.md) _Context: hospital_
3. [Two hospital nurses are arrested in the Uruguayan capital Montevideo in connection with the suspicious death of dozens of patients over several years at two hospitals. ](/news/2012/03/18/two-hospital-nurses-are-arrested-in-the-uruguayan-capital-montevideo-in-connection-with-the-suspicious-death-of-dozens-of-patients-over-seve.md) _Context: hospital_
4. [A 6 foot hole appears at 36,000 feet aboard Southwest Airlines Flight 812, a Boeing 737 en route from Phoenix, Arizona to Sacramento, California; the plane lands safely in Yuma, Arizona. ](/news/2011/04/1/a-6-foot-hole-appears-at-36-000-feet-aboard-southwest-airlines-flight-812-a-boeing-737-en-route-from-phoenix-arizona-to-sacramento-califo.md) _Context: Yuma, Arizona_
5. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: hospital_
6. [ The Sri Lankan Army kills 91 people and injures 87 others at a hospital inside a civilian safe zone. ](/news/2009/05/2/the-sri-lankan-army-kills-91-people-and-injures-87-others-at-a-hospital-inside-a-civilian-safe-zone.md) _Context: hospital_
7. [ Artillery shelling kills 50 people and injures 40 more at a hospital in Sri Lanka's war zone. ](/news/2009/05/13/artillery-shelling-kills-50-people-and-injures-40-more-at-a-hospital-in-sri-lanka-s-war-zone.md) _Context: hospital_
8. [ Six laptops containing information on about 20,000 patients are stolen from a London hospital. ](/news/2008/06/18/six-laptops-containing-information-on-about-20-000-patients-are-stolen-from-a-london-hospital.md) _Context: hospital_
9. [ Four people die as a United States Marine Corps helicopter crashes on a training flight north of Yuma, Arizona. ](/news/2007/08/17/four-people-die-as-a-united-states-marine-corps-helicopter-crashes-on-a-training-flight-north-of-yuma-arizona.md) _Context: Yuma, Arizona_
10. [ Thabo Mbeki, the President of South Africa, sacks Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge as the Deputy Health Minister for attending an AIDS conference in Spain without authorisation and criticising hospital conditions. ](/news/2007/08/10/thabo-mbeki-the-president-of-south-africa-sacks-nozizwe-madlala-routledge-as-the-deputy-health-minister-for-attending-an-aids-conference.md) _Context: hospital_
