### [2005-06-24](/news/2005/06/24/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives voted to prevent United Airlines from transferring its pension plan obligations to the government insurer, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 




### Source:

1. [Chicago Sun-Times](http://www.suntimes.com/output/business/cst-fin-united25.html)

### Related:

1. [115th United States Congress. The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
2. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
3. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
4. [United Express Flight 3411 incident. A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/united-express-flight-3411-incident-a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
5. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
6. [United Express Flight 3411 incident. United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of GBP800 million to the company's value. ](/news/2017/04/11/united-express-flight-3411-incident-united-airlines-ceo-oscar-munoz-issues-an-apology-for-the-removal-of-a-passenger-from-an-overbooked-fli.md) _Context: United Airlines_
7. [American Health Care Act of 2017. The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
8. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
