### [2001-07-28](/news/2001/07/28/index.md)

#  Alejandro Toledo is sworn as the new president of Peru, eight months after the vote of no-confidence of former President Alberto Fujimori.




### Related:

1. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Alejandro Toledo, Peru_
2. [ Former President of Peru Alberto Fujimori is sentenced to six years in jail for corruption by a court in Lima. ](/news/2009/09/30/former-president-of-peru-alberto-fujimori-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-jail-for-corruption-by-a-court-in-lima.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
3. [ Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori pleads guilty to bribery and illegal phone-tapping of journalists, businessmen and opposition politicians. ](/news/2009/09/28/former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori-pleads-guilty-to-bribery-and-illegal-phone-tapping-of-journalists-businessmen-and-opposition-po.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
4. [ Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is convicted of violating human rights and imprisoned until 2034. ](/news/2009/04/7/former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori-is-convicted-of-violating-human-rights-and-imprisoned-until-2034.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
5. [ The former President of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, is sentenced to six years in prison for ordering a warrantless search while in office. ](/news/2007/12/11/the-former-president-of-peru-alberto-fujimori-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-ordering-a-warrantless-search-while-in-office.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
6. [ Chilean Supreme Court approves extradition of Peruvian ex-president Alberto Fujimori on numerous charges, including the massacres of Barrios Altos and La Cantuta. ](/news/2007/09/21/chilean-supreme-court-approves-extradition-of-peruvian-ex-president-alberto-fujimori-on-numerous-charges-including-the-massacres-of-barrio.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
7. [ A Chilean court rejects the extradition of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori. ](/news/2007/07/11/a-chilean-court-rejects-the-extradition-of-former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
8. [ Alberto Fujimori, former President of Peru, is arrested in Chile whilst a Chilean judge considers a Peruvian extradition request. ](/news/2005/11/7/alberto-fujimori-former-president-of-peru-is-arrested-in-chile-whilst-a-chilean-judge-considers-a-peruvian-extradition-request.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
9. [ Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori arrives in Santiago, Chile after being exiled in Japan since 2000. Although he is the subject of an Interpol arrest warrant, the Chilean government said he cannot be arrested without an order from a Chilean judge. Fujimori arrives at a time of tension between Chile and Peru over sea boundaries. [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/americas/11/06/chile.fujimori.ap/index.html (CNN)] (Link dead as of 22:17, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/11/6/former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori-arrives-in-santiago-chile-after-being-exiled-in-japan-since-2000-although-he-is-the-subject-of.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
10. [ In Peru, former president Alberto Fujimori receives new identity papers and may return to the country. Peru still wants him for charges of murder and corruption. ](/news/2005/07/5/in-peru-former-president-alberto-fujimori-receives-new-identity-papers-and-may-return-to-the-country-peru-still-wants-him-for-charges-of.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
