### [2011-11-13](/news/2011/11/13/index.md)

# Belden Namah, the Deputy Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, and Allan Marat, the Attorney General, agree to hand themselves into Police following a ruling by the Supreme Court. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/png-deputy-pm-agrees-to-turn-himself-in/story-e6frfku0-1226193802122)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea issues orders for the arrest of Deputy Prime Minister Belden Namah and Attorney General Allan Marat over contempt of court charges. ](/news/2011/11/11/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-issues-orders-for-the-arrest-of-deputy-prime-minister-belden-namah-and-attorney-general-allan-marat-ov.md) _Context: Allan Marat, Belden Namah, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
3. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
4. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Belden Namah, the Leader of the Opposition in Papua New Guinea over claims he threatened the police commissioner in a letter. ](/news/2014/01/18/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-belden-namah-the-leader-of-the-opposition-in-papua-new-guinea-over-claims-he-threatened-the-police-co.md) _Context: Belden Namah, Papua New Guinea_
5. [Soldiers who attempted a mutiny last week in Papua New Guinea hand their weapons over to the Deputy Prime Minister Belden Namah in return for a general amnesty. ](/news/2012/01/30/soldiers-who-attempted-a-mutiny-last-week-in-papua-new-guinea-hand-their-weapons-over-to-the-deputy-prime-minister-belden-namah-in-return-fo.md) _Context: Belden Namah, Papua New Guinea_
6. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
7. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
8. [Papua New Guinean media reports confirm that 17 people were fatally shot by prison officers during a prison escape in Lae on May 12. ](/news/2017/05/15/papua-new-guinean-media-reports-confirm-that-17-people-were-fatally-shot-by-prison-officers-during-a-prison-escape-in-lae-on-may-12.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
9. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island.  No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
10. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and  the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
