### [2011-11-13](/news/2011/11/13/index.md)

# Law enforcement in Brazil occupy Rocinha, Rio de Janeiro's biggest "favela" or slum, in a bid to clean the city ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics. 

More than 3,000 police and soldiers backed by armored personnel carriers raced into Brazil&#39;s biggest slum before dawn Sunday, quickly gaining control of a shantytown ruled for decades by a heavily armed drug gang.


### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/45275310#.Tr9nkfRFuso)

### Related:

1. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
2. [American Olympic swimmers Ryan Lochte, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen claim they were robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro by men posing as Brazilian police officers. ](/news/2016/08/14/american-olympic-swimmers-ryan-lochte-gunnar-bentz-jack-conger-and-jimmy-feigen-claim-they-were-robbed-at-gunpoint-in-rio-de-janeiro-by-me.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, police_
3. [2016 Summer Olympics. The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-summer-olympics-the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [Zika virus epidemic. More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [Brazilian police clash with protestors angry over the cost of hosting the World Cup in the cities of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2014/05/16/brazilian-police-clash-with-protestors-angry-over-the-cost-of-hosting-the-world-cup-in-the-cities-of-sao-paulo-and-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Rio de Janeiro_
7. [Nine are killed in gun battles between paramilitary forces and drug gangs in Rio de Janeiro favelas. ](/news/2013/06/25/nine-are-killed-in-gun-battles-between-paramilitary-forces-and-drug-gangs-in-rio-de-janeiro-favelas.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, favela_
8. [U.S. president Barack Obama visits a favela and delivers a speech in Rio de Janeiro as part of his five-day Latin American journey. ](/news/2011/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-a-favela-and-delivers-a-speech-in-rio-de-janeiro-as-part-of-his-five-day-latin-american-journey.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, favela_
9. [Brazilian police begin an operation in a shanty town in Rio de Janeiro to end a surge of violence; at least 30 people have been killed in recent days. ](/news/2010/11/25/brazilian-police-begin-an-operation-in-a-shanty-town-in-rio-de-janeiro-to-end-a-surge-of-violence-at-least-30-people-have-been-killed-in-re.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, favela_
10. [Brazilian police shoot dead at least thirteen people in Rio de Janeiro following a wave of violence by suspected drug traffickers. ](/news/2010/11/24/brazilian-police-shoot-dead-at-least-thirteen-people-in-rio-de-janeiro-following-a-wave-of-violence-by-suspected-drug-traffickers.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, police_
