### [2009-01-11](/news/2009/01/11/index.md)

#  Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City.  

Israeli ground forces made their deepest foray yet Sunday into Gaza&#39;s most populated area, with tanks rolling into residential neighborhoods and infantry fighting urban warfare. 


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/28573204/)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli Defense Forces advance on Gaza City and engage in urban warfare with Hamas militants. ](/news/2009/01/13/israeli-defense-forces-advance-on-gaza-city-and-engage-in-urban-warfare-with-hamas-militants.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, fire, militant_
2. [ Urban warfare begins between Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas militants as the former push further into Gaza City.  ](/news/2009/01/12/urban-warfare-begins-between-israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-militants-as-the-former-push-further-into-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, fire, militant_
3. [ An Israeli Defense Forces air raid injures nine people in the Gaza Strip in response to continued militant rocket fire. ](/news/2009/01/29/an-israeli-defense-forces-air-raid-injures-nine-people-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-continued-militant-rocket-fire.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, fire, militant_
4. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert declares a unilateral ceasefire beginning January 18 at 2:00 am Israel Standard Time (UTC+2) in its conflict with Hamas. However, Israeli Defense Forces will remain in the Gaza Strip until further notice. ](/news/2009/01/17/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-declares-a-unilateral-ceasefire-beginning-january-18-at-2-00-am-israel-standard-time-utc-2-in-its-conf.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, fire_
5. [ An Israeli Defense Forces airstrike kills 13 people in Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/17/an-israeli-defense-forces-airstrike-kills-13-people-in-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, fire_
6. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
10. [Operation Pillar of Defense:An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-pan-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlies.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
