### [2009-08-11](/news/2009/08/11/index.md)

#  A Russian woman is arrested after throwing a teacup at the ''Mona Lisa'' portrait in the Louvre, Paris. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/08/11/mona.lisa.attack/index.html?iref=mpstoryview)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/breaking-news/world-news/europe/woman-arrested-after-throwing-teacup-at-mona-lisa-1856949.html)

### Related:

1. [ The world famous painting of Leonardo da Vinci, the Mona Lisa, is taken to its original location, the Salle des Etats, in the Louvre, Paris. ](/news/2005/04/6/the-world-famous-painting-of-leonardo-da-vinci-the-mona-lisa-is-taken-to-its-original-location-the-salle-des-etats-in-the-louvre-paris.md) _Context: Louvre, Mona Lisa, Paris_
2. [A French Army soldier shoots and wounds a man armed with a knife who was trying to enter an underground shopping area near the Louvre in Paris. The museum was evacuated. ](/news/2017/02/3/a-french-army-soldier-shoots-and-wounds-a-man-armed-with-a-knife-who-was-trying-to-enter-an-underground-shopping-area-near-the-louvre-in-par.md) _Context: Louvre, Paris_
3. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: Paris, Russia_
4. [President Nicolas Sarkozy defends his plans to sell up to four French warships to Russia, despite concerns raised by his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Saakashvili during talks taking place a few days before a visit to Paris of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-nicolas-sarkozy-defends-his-plans-to-sell-up-to-four-french-warships-to-russia-despite-concerns-raised-by-his-georgian-counterpar.md) _Context: Paris, Russia_
5. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
