### [2009-08-11](/news/2009/08/11/index.md)

#  UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. 

Leaders from the Union of South American Nations, Unasur meeting in a regional summit in Ecuador expressed fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant US troops access to its military bases but could not agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/11/unasur-divided-on-colombiaus-troops-issue-next-summit-in-argentina)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez responds to criticism from Organization of American States Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza by saying the OAS is interfering in the country's internal affairs and referring to Insulza as a "spokesman of the empire" during a radio address. ](/news/2011/01/10/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-responds-to-criticism-from-organization-of-american-states-secretary-general-josa-c-miguel-insulza-by-sayin.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, United States, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-sant.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chavez, Union of South American Nations, Venezuela_
4. [ Speaking in Lima's "El Comercio" in response to some ironic quotes by Peruvian President Alan Garcia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says his country will continue to export oil to the United States because it is "in interest". ](/news/2009/09/1/speaking-in-lima-s-el-comercio-in-response-to-some-ironic-quotes-by-peruvian-president-alan-garcaa-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sa.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, United States, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [President Hugo Chavez returns to Venezuela after undergoing surgery for cancer in Cuba. ](/news/2011/07/4/president-hugo-cha-vez-returns-to-venezuela-after-undergoing-surgery-for-cancer-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [The Venezuelan parliament temporarily grants more powers to President Hugo Chavez in the wake of recent flooding, allowing him to pass laws by decree without the support of the National Assembly.](/news/2010/12/18/the-venezuelan-parliament-temporarily-grants-more-powers-to-president-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-wake-of-recent-flooding-allowing-him-to-pass-laws.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
7. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announces plans to pass laws by decree for the next six to eighteen months, amid concern from the opposition. ](/news/2010/12/14/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-announces-plans-to-pass-laws-by-decree-for-the-next-six-to-eighteen-months-amid-concern-from-the-oppositi.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
8. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [Venezuela's Hugo Chavez promises that his foreign minister will attend the inauguration of Juan Manuel Santos as Colombian president, two weeks after direct relations between the two countries were broken off, thanks to mediation efforts by President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2010/08/6/venezuela-s-hugo-cha-vez-promises-that-his-foreign-minister-will-attend-the-inauguration-of-juan-manuel-santos-as-colombian-president-two-w.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
10. [The United States defends its decision to appoint as Venezuelan ambassador Larry Palmer, who has expressed negative views of the country in the past, including insinuating that it has ties with Colombian rebels. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-states-defends-its-decision-to-appoint-as-venezuelan-ambassador-larry-palmer-who-has-expressed-negative-views-of-the-country-in.md) _Context: Colombia, United States, Venezuela_
