### [2011-08-22](/news/2011/08/22/index.md)

# Hurricane Irene:Twenty people including British billionaire Richard Branson and actress Kate Winslet have to be rescued after Hurricane Irene destroys Branson's mansion on Necker Island in the Caribbean Sea. 

Hurricane Irene could hit the Southeast United States as a major Category 3 storm on the weekend after sweeping north of the Dominican Republic and pummeling Puerto Rico on Monday, forecasters said.


### Source:

1. [Winnipeg Free Press](http://www.winnipegfreepress.com/arts-and-life/entertainment/celebrities/kate-winslet-carried-bransons-mother-from-fire-128232008.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/08/22/us-storm-irene-idUSTRE77K01820110822?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FtopNews+%28News+%2F+US+%2F+Top+News%29)

### Related:

1. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: Caribbean Sea_
2. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Caribbean Sea_
3. [The U.S. National Hurricane Center issues a Tropical Storm Watch for Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao islands in the Caribbean Sea,  and for the northwest South American coast. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-u-s-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-watch-for-aruba-bonaire-and-curaassao-islands-in-the-caribbean-sea-and-for-the.md) _Context: Caribbean Sea_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britons_
5. [All four members of the British indie band Viola Beach and their manager die in a road accident near Stockholm, Sweden. ](/news/2016/02/14/all-four-members-of-the-british-indie-band-viola-beach-and-their-manager-die-in-a-road-accident-near-stockholm-sweden.md) _Context: Britons_
6. [New research by a team of British archaeologists, published in the current issue of the journal ''Antiquity'', revives an older theory of Herbert Henry Thomas that Stonehenge may have stood in Wales hundreds of years before it was dismantled and transported to Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire in South West England. ](/news/2015/12/8/new-research-by-a-team-of-british-archaeologists-published-in-the-current-issue-of-the-journal-antiquity-revives-an-older-theory-of-he.md) _Context: Britons_
7. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates  if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: Britons_
8. [British singer Adele's album ''25'' is released. ](/news/2015/11/21/british-singer-adele-s-album-25-is-released.md) _Context: Britons_
9. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant The United States conducts airstrikes targeting Kuwaiti-British militant Jihadi John. Later, the U.S. says it is "reasonably certain" a drone strike in Syria killed Jihadi John, ne Mohammed Emwazi.  ](/news/2015/11/13/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-pthe-united-states-conducts-airstrikes-targeting-kuwaiti-british-militant-jihadi-john-later-the-u-s.md) _Context: Britons_
10. [Two British VICE News journalists, Jake Hanrahan and Philip Pendlebury, arrested on 28 August in Diyarbakir Province in southeastern Turkey on terror charges, are released while their colleague, translator Mohammed Ismael Rasool, remains in custody. ](/news/2015/09/4/two-british-vice-news-journalists-jake-hanrahan-and-philip-pendlebury-arrested-on-28-august-in-diyarbakir-province-in-southeastern-turkey.md) _Context: Britons_
