### [2011-08-22](/news/2011/08/22/index.md)

# Twenty people including British billionaire Richard Branson and actress Kate Winslet have to be rescued after Hurricane Irene destroys Branson's mansion on Necker Island in the Caribbean Sea. 

Hurricane Irene could hit the Southeast United States as a major Category 3 storm on the weekend after sweeping north of the Dominican Republic and pummeling Puerto Rico on Monday, forecasters said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/08/22/us-storm-irene-idUSTRE77K01820110822?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
2. [Winnipeg Free Press](http://www.winnipegfreepress.com/arts-and-life/entertainment/celebrities/kate-winslet-carried-bransons-mother-from-fire-128232008.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20110822&t=2&i=484278320&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2011-08-22T185517Z_01_BTRE77L1GKA00_RTROPTP_0_HURRICANE-IRENE-PUERTO-RICO)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Caribbean_
2. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: Caribbean_
3. [The British people vote locally. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-british-people-vote-locally.md) _Context: British people_
4. [The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-fo.md) _Context: Caribbean_
5. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: Caribbean_
6. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Caribbean_
7. [The U.S. National Hurricane Center issues a Tropical Storm Watch for Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao islands in the Caribbean Sea, and for the northwest South American coast. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-u-s-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-watch-for-aruba-bonaire-and-curaassao-islands-in-the-caribbean-sea-and-for-the.md) _Context: Caribbean_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: British people_
9. [All four members of the British indie band Viola Beach and their manager die in a road accident near Stockholm, Sweden. ](/news/2016/02/14/all-four-members-of-the-british-indie-band-viola-beach-and-their-manager-die-in-a-road-accident-near-stockholm-sweden.md) _Context: British people_
10. [New research by a team of British archaeologists, published in the current issue of the journal "Antiquity", revives an older theory of Herbert Henry Thomas that Stonehenge may have stood in Wales hundreds of years before it was dismantled and transported to Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire in South West England. ](/news/2015/12/8/new-research-by-a-team-of-british-archaeologists-published-in-the-current-issue-of-the-journal-antiquity-revives-an-older-theory-of-herb.md) _Context: British people_
