### [2011-03-3](/news/2011/03/3/index.md)

# Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Newt Gingrich announces plans to explore a bid for the Republican Party nomination in the 2012 US Presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Atlanta Journal Constitution](http://blogs.ajc.com/political-insider-jim-galloway/2011/03/03/newt-gingrich-ready-to-see-if-there-are-%E2%80%98enough-folks%E2%80%99-to-launch-a-12-bid/)

### Related:

1. [Former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich formally announces that he will be seeking the Republican Party Presidential nomination. ](/news/2011/05/11/former-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-newt-gingrich-formally-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-presidential-no.md) _Context: Newt Gingrich, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2016: Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, rules out seeking or accepting the Republican Party nomination in 2016. ](/news/2016/04/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-paul-ryan-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-rules-out-seeking-or-accepting.md) _Context: Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
3. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [Paul Ryan announces that he will run to succeed outgoing Speaker of the United States House of Representatives John Boehner after receiving the support of a significant majority of members of the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/paul-ryan-announces-that-he-will-run-to-succeed-outgoing-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-john-boehner-after-receiving.md) _Context: Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
5. [Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. ](/news/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-to-be-its-candidate-in-the-2012-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2012_
6. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2012_
7. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2012_
8. [United States presidential election, 2012: Newt Gingrich suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. Mitt Romney is declared the presumptive nominee. ](/news/2012/05/2/united-states-presidential-election-2012-newt-gingrich-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-mitt-romney-is-declared.md) _Context: Newt Gingrich, United States presidential election, 2012_
9. [Herman Cain announces that he will suspend his campaign for Republican nomination in the United States presidential election following a series of sexual harassment and other misconduct allegations. ](/news/2011/12/3/herman-cain-announces-that-he-will-suspend-his-campaign-for-republican-nomination-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-following-a-ser.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2012_
10. [At a Republican party presidential primary debate, US Presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich say they would go to war to stop Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. ](/news/2011/11/12/at-a-republican-party-presidential-primary-debate-us-presidential-candidates-mitt-romney-and-newt-gingrich-say-they-would-go-to-war-to-stop.md) _Context: Newt Gingrich, United States presidential election, 2012_
