### [2011-03-3](/news/2011/03/3/index.md)

# The President of Mexico Felipe Caldern travels to Washington, D.C., to meet with the President of the United States Barack Obama, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and other leading political figures. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/americas/03/02/us.calderon.obama.visit/index.html?eref=rss_world&utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+rss%2Fcnn_world+%28RSS%3A+World%29&utm_content=Google+International#)

### Related:

1. [Debt negotiations between President of the United States Barack Obama and Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner collapse. ](/news/2011/07/22/debt-negotiations-between-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-john-boehner-collapse.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
3. [ Felipe Caldern becomes the President of Mexico. ](/news/2006/12/1/felipe-calderon-becomes-the-president-of-mexico.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
4. [ Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. ](/news/2006/07/2/polling-closes-in-the-mexican-general-election-with-voters-electing-a-new-president-both-houses-of-congress-and-four-state-district-gove.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
5. [Former U.S. President Barack Obama formally endorses French candidate Emmanuel Macron. ](/news/2017/05/4/former-u-s-president-barack-obama-formally-endorses-french-candidate-emmanuel-macron.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
6. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. president Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
