### [2016-09-7](/news/2016/09/7/index.md)

# Apple announces the release of the iPhone 7 along with the Apple Watch 2. 

Apple yesterday launched the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, along with the Apple Watch Series 2 and a set of wireless headphones called AirPods.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/09/07/apple-iphone-7-launch-leaked-on-twitter---live-from-the-stage-no/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments in a patent dispute between Apple Inc. and Samsung concerning both company's smart phone designs (Samsung Electronics v. Apple (15-777)). ](/news/2016/10/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-hears-arguments-in-a-patent-dispute-between-apple-inc-and-samsung-concerning-both-company-s-smart-phone-designs-sam.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
2. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
3. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention,  citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
4. [Apple Inc. must pay the $450 million July 2014 settlement in a price fixing case since the U.S. Supreme Court will not hear its appeal of the June 2015 Court of Appeals ruling that it played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices. ](/news/2016/03/7/apple-inc-must-pay-the-450-million-july-2014-settlement-in-a-price-fixing-case-since-the-u-s-supreme-court-will-not-hear-its-appeal-of-th.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
5. [Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-to-one-of-the-san-bernardino-shoo.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
6. [A federal appeals court rules in favor of Samsung on several issues arising out of that company's long-running patent dispute with Apple, overturning a $120 million jury verdict in Apple's favor in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/26/a-federal-appeals-court-rules-in-favor-of-samsung-on-several-issues-arising-out-of-that-company-s-long-running-patent-dispute-with-apple-ov.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
7. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
8. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the ''Business Insider''. ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
9. [Apple Inc. says it will appeal a court order to create a backdoor for an iPhone 5C belonging to Syed Farook who conducted the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/17/apple-inc-says-it-will-appeal-a-court-order-to-create-a-backdoor-for-an-iphone-5c-belonging-to-syed-farook-who-conducted-the-2015-san-berna.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
10. [Steve Zadesky, who has been running the electric car project for Apple Inc. for two years, will leave that company soon for personal reasons, according to the Wall Street Journal. ](/news/2016/01/22/steve-zadesky-who-has-been-running-the-electric-car-project-for-apple-inc-for-two-years-will-leave-that-company-soon-for-personal-reasons.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
