### [2016-09-7](/news/2016/09/7/index.md)

# Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. 

Mexicans have assailed the government for inviting the GOP nominee.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/mexican-finance-minister-videgaray-forced-out-after-trump-visit/2016/09/07/c3f51c6c-750b-11e6-be4f-3f42f2e5a49e_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico, United States_
2. [Mexico-United States relations: U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexico-united-states-relations-u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico City, President_
3. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016: A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-tr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team, United States_
4. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico, President_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team, United States_
6. [Mexican legislative election, 2015: Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico, President_
7. [ More than 18,000 Mexicans pose naked for U.S. photographer Spencer Tunick at the Zcalo Plaza in Mexico City. ](/news/2007/05/7/more-than-18-000-mexicans-pose-naked-for-u-s-photographer-spencer-tunick-at-the-zocalo-plaza-in-mexico-city.md) _Context: Mexico, Mexico City, United States_
8. [Crisis in Venezuela: Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Mexico, Mexico City_
9. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Enrique Pena Nieto_
10. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
