### [2016-09-7](/news/2016/09/7/index.md)

# "Philippines v. China": The Duterte administration accuses China of building a "secret island" on the Scarborough Shoal. 

(UPDATED) The release of the images, which claimed to show Chinese ships preparing to build an artificial island on Scarborough Shoal, comes hours ahead of a meeting between Southeast Asian leaders and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang in Laos


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/world/regions/asia-pacific/145459-philippines-accuses-china-secret-island-building)

### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China": Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-chinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, Scarborough Shoal_
2. ["Philippines v. China": Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-bu.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [China-Philippines relations: Former Philippine president Fidel Ramos quits as the Philippines' special envoy to China amid a falling out with his mentee current Filipino president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/11/1/china-philippines-relations-former-philippine-president-fidel-ramos-quits-as-the-philippines-special-envoy-to-china-amid-a-falling-out-w.md) _Context: China, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: China, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: China, Scarborough Shoal_
7. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
8. [International reactions to Philippines v. China: Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
9. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia continues to block consensus in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. The country has political and economical dependencies with China. ](/news/2016/07/24/philippines-v-china-cambodia-continues-to-block-consensus-in-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-the-country-has-politic.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
10. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
