### [2016-09-7](/news/2016/09/7/index.md)

# The Duterte administration defends its decision to bury the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippine heroes' cemetery. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/09/07/philippine-govt-defends-decision-on-hero-burial-for-marcos.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/world/2016/09/07/philippine-govt-defends-decision-on-hero-burial-for-marcos/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-2.img.jpg/0/0/1473252472876.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-philippines-ferdinand-marcos-at.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
3. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least-october-18.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
5. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
6. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdin.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
