### [2012-05-3](/news/2012/05/3/index.md)

# The 59th National Film Awards is held in New Delhi with "Deool" and "Byari" winning the Award for Best Feature Film. 

Veteran Bengali film personality Soumitra Chatterjee was conferred the prestigious Dada Saheb Phalke award by Vice President M Hamid Ansari for his life-time contribution to Indian cinema, here on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [CNN-IBN](http://ibnlive.in.com/news/hamid-ansari-gives-away-national-film-awards/254529-8-66.html)
2. [Deccan Herald](http://www.deccanherald.com/content/246711/bengali-film-doyen-soumitra-conferred.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.deccanherald.com/images/logo.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Riots erupt in Panchkula and later spread to other parts of the Northern Indian state of Haryana, as well as the state of Punjab and the Indian capital of New Delhi, after a special CBI court found the Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh guilty of rape. At least 28 people have been killed and 250 others injured. ](/news/2017/08/25/riots-erupt-in-panchkula-and-later-spread-to-other-parts-of-the-northern-indian-state-of-haryana-as-well-as-the-state-of-punjab-and-the-ind.md) _Context: New Delhi_
2. [Schools in Delhi and New Delhi close after smog reach toxic levels. The air quality index is 999 with 500 rated as hazardous. ](/news/2016/11/7/schools-in-delhi-and-new-delhi-close-after-smog-reach-toxic-levels-the-air-quality-index-is-999-with-500-rated-as-hazardous.md) _Context: New Delhi_
3. [At least 13 are killed in a fire in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/11/11/at-least-13-are-killed-in-a-fire-in-new-delhi-india.md) _Context: New Delhi_
4. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: New Delhi_
5. [A massive fire severely damages the National Museum of Natural History in the Indian capital New Delhi. ](/news/2016/04/26/a-massive-fire-severely-damages-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-the-indian-capital-new-delhi.md) _Context: New Delhi_
6. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this-i.md) _Context: New Delhi_
7. [An Indian Border Security Force plane headed to Ranchi crashes just outside New Delhi, killing all 10 on board. The Super King Air turboprop aircraft hit an airport wall and landed in a small body of water. ](/news/2015/12/22/an-indian-border-security-force-plane-headed-to-ranchi-crashes-just-outside-new-delhi-killing-all-10-on-board-the-super-king-air-turboprop.md) _Context: New Delhi_
8. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372, putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: New Delhi_
9. [An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158-mi.md) _Context: New Delhi_
10. [The death toll from the heat wave passes 1100 as the roads in the capital New Delhi are melting in the heat. ](/news/2015/05/26/the-death-toll-from-the-heat-wave-passes-1100-as-the-roads-in-the-capital-new-delhi-are-melting-in-the-heat.md) _Context: New Delhi_
