### [2010-06-4](/news/2010/06/4/index.md)

# Pope Benedict XVI says he is "deeply saddened" by yesterday's fatal stabbing of the Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia, Luigi Padovese, who was to meet him on the first ever visit to Cyprus by any Pope today. 

The Pope says he is saddened by the killing of a Catholic bishop in Turkey, but that the murder was not politically motivated.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10236062.stm)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/44536000/jpg/_44536487_breaking_splash_466x260.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Pope Benedict XVI calls for an urgent international effort to resolve tensions in the Middle East, at the end of a three-day trip to Cyprus. ](/news/2010/06/6/pope-benedict-xvi-calls-for-an-urgent-international-effort-to-resolve-tensions-in-the-middle-east-at-the-end-of-a-three-day-trip-to-cyprus.md) _Context: Cyprus, Pope Benedict XVI_
2. [Bishop Luigi Padovese of the Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia is attacked at his home in Iskenderun, Hatay Province and dies later in hospital. Mr Padovese's driver is arrested. ](/news/2010/06/3/bishop-luigi-padovese-of-the-roman-catholic-apostolic-vicariate-of-anatolia-is-attacked-at-his-home-in-adegskenderun-hatay-province-and-dies.md) _Context: Luigi Padovese, Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia_
3. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigenou.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus_
5. [Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-conference-takes-p.md) _Context: Cyprus_
6. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: Cyprus_
7. [The leaders of northern and southern Cyprus meet in Switzerland to restart talks about reuniting the island. ](/news/2016/11/7/the-leaders-of-northern-and-southern-cyprus-meet-in-switzerland-to-restart-talks-about-reuniting-the-island.md) _Context: Cyprus_
8. [A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-larnaca-cyprus-court-orders-that-59-year-old-seif-eddin-mustafa-who-was-arrested-by-cypriot-police-yesterday-remain-in-local-police-cu.md) _Context: Cyprus_
9. [A hijacked EgyptAir flight lands in Cyprus. All hostages have been released, and the hijacker has no evident ties to any terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-hijacked-egyptair-flight-lands-in-cyprus-all-hostages-have-been-released-and-the-hijacker-has-no-evident-ties-to-any-terrorist-organizat.md) _Context: Cyprus_
10. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Cyprus_
