### [2010-06-4](/news/2010/06/4/index.md)

# Seven Italian officials are investigated for manslaughter relating to the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake. 

Seven Italian officials are under investigation for manslaughter for failing to give the citizens of L&#039;Aquila warning before last April&#039;s earthquake. The disaster killed more than 300 people and razed the medieval city to the ground.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/charges-considered-over-laquila-earthquake-1991015.html)

### Related:

1. [Bernardo De Bernardinis of Italy's Civil Protection Department and six other seismologists are charged with manslaughter for failing to predict the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake that struck the country. ](/news/2011/05/27/bernardo-de-bernardinis-of-italy-s-civil-protection-department-and-six-other-seismologists-are-charged-with-manslaughter-for-failing-to-pred.md) _Context: 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, manslaughter by gross negligence_
2. [Sandro Bondi, Italy's minister of culture, calls for a boycott of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival after a documentary on the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake was included in the programme. ](/news/2010/05/9/sandro-bondi-italy-s-minister-of-culture-calls-for-a-boycott-of-the-2010-cannes-film-festival-after-a-documentary-on-the-2009-l-aquila-ear.md) _Context: 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, Italian_
3. [ At least 207 people are killed and 1,500 injured during a 6.3-magnitude earthquake near L'Aquila, Italy. ](/news/2009/04/6/at-least-207-people-are-killed-and-1-500-injured-during-a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-near-l-aquila-italy.md) _Context: 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, Italian_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 4.0 earthquake strikes the Italian island of Ischia, leaving one person dead and 25 others injured. Italian media report 10 others are unaccounted for after several buildings collapsed in Casamicciola Terme. ](/news/2017/08/21/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-4-0-earthquake-strikes-the-italian-island-of-ischia-leaving-one-person-dead-and-25-others-injured-italian.md) _Context: Italian_
5. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
6. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique: France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: Italian_
7. [Wildfires in Europe: Wildfires devastate the Italian provinces of Messina, Naples, Enna and Rome. The Vesuvius National Park is reportedly completely destroyed by flames and ash. Italian police claim the fires are the work of arsonists. ](/news/2017/07/12/wildfires-in-europe-wildfires-devastate-the-italian-provinces-of-messina-naples-enna-and-rome-the-vesuvius-national-park-is-reportedly-c.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [Modena Park 2017: Italian rock singer Vasco Rossi broke the world record of biggest ticketed concert with 220,000 paying guests hosted at Enzo Ferrari Park in Modena, Italy. (Previous record belonged to a-Ha with 198,000 paying guests, set in 1991 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) ](/news/2017/07/1/modena-park-2017-italian-rock-singer-vasco-rossi-broke-the-world-record-of-biggest-ticketed-concert-with-220-000-paying-guests-hosted-at-en.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [2017 Turin stampede: More than 1,500 people are injured when panic erupts among Juventus fans who are watching the 2017 UEFA Champions League Final on Piazza San Carlo in Turin, Italy. ](/news/2017/06/3/2017-turin-stampede-more-than-1-500-people-are-injured-when-panic-erupts-among-juventus-fans-who-are-watching-the-2017-uefa-champions-leagu.md) _Context: Italian_
10. [Aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster: Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. ](/news/2017/06/28/aftermath-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-six-people-are-charged-with-various-offences-including-manslaughter-by-gross-negligence-following-th.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
