### [2007-09-19](/news/2007/09/19/index.md)

#  Abbas El Fassi, leader of the Istiqlal Party, is appointed Prime Minister of Morocco by King Mohammed VI following the resignation of Driss Jettou and his cabinet.




### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: King, Prime Minister_
2. [Pro-democracy activists in Morocco call for renewed demonstrations, saying reforms proposed by King Mohammed VI are not enough. ](/news/2011/06/18/pro-democracy-activists-in-morocco-call-for-renewed-demonstrations-saying-reforms-proposed-by-king-mohammed-vi-are-not-enough.md) _Context: King Mohammed VI of Morocco, Morocco_
3. [King Mohammed VI of Morocco promises ""comprehensive constitutional reform" to expand individual and collective liberties in a televised address to the nation. ](/news/2011/03/9/king-mohammed-vi-of-morocco-promises-comprehensive-constitutional-reform-to-expand-individual-and-collective-liberties-in-a-televised-add.md) _Context: King Mohammed VI of Morocco, Morocco_
4. [ Morocco's conservative Istiqlal Party, a member of the kingdom's ruling coalition, wins most seats in parliamentary elections, according to provisional results released by the government ](/news/2007/09/8/morocco-s-conservative-istiqlal-party-a-member-of-the-kingdom-s-ruling-coalition-wins-most-seats-in-parliamentary-elections-according-to.md) _Context: Istiqlal Party, Morocco_
5. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [European migrant crisis. Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Morocco_
7. [Human evolution fossils. The oldest fossil records of "Homo sapiens" are discovered in Jebel Irhoud, Morocco, dated at between 300,000 and 350,000 years old. The earliest "Homo sapiens" fossils had been dated as 200,000 years old. ](/news/2017/06/7/human-evolution-fossils-the-oldest-fossil-records-of-homo-sapiens-are-discovered-in-jebel-irhoud-morocco-dated-at-between-300-000-and-3.md) _Context: Morocco_
8. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [The Moroccan Assembly of Representatives votes 208 to 91 in favor of approving of a coalition cabinet led by Saadeddine Othmani. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-moroccan-assembly-of-representatives-votes-208-to-91-in-favor-of-approving-of-a-coalition-cabinet-led-by-saadeddine-othmani.md) _Context: Morocco_
10. [European migrant crisis. Nearly five hundred African migrants swarm the border of Spain from Morocco. ](/news/2017/02/17/european-migrant-crisis-nearly-five-hundred-african-migrants-swarm-the-border-of-spain-from-morocco.md) _Context: Morocco_
