### [2007-09-19](/news/2007/09/19/index.md)

#  Coalition parties and Maoists meet at Nepal Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's official residence to resolve the political deadlock. 




### Related:

1. [Death of Girija Prasad Koirala:. Former Prime Minister and Acting Head of State of Nepal Girija Prasad Koirala, "the elder statesman of South Asia" who brought down the King, dies in Kathmandu at the age of 86. ](/news/2010/03/20/death-of-girija-prasad-koirala-former-prime-minister-and-acting-head-of-state-of-nepal-girija-prasad-koirala-the-elder-statesman-of-sout.md) _Context: Girija Prasad Koirala, Nepal_
2. [ Nepal's ruling coalition government announces that elections to a special assembly to write a new constitution will be held in November. ](/news/2007/05/31/nepal-s-ruling-coalition-government-announces-that-elections-to-a-special-assembly-to-write-a-new-constitution-will-be-held-in-november.md) _Context: Nepal, coalition_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Nepal Girija Prasad Koirala and Maoist guerilla leader Prachanda sign a peace treaty ending 11 years of civil war in Nepal. ](/news/2006/11/22/the-prime-minister-of-nepal-girija-prasad-koirala-and-maoist-guerilla-leader-prachanda-sign-a-peace-treaty-ending-11-years-of-civil-war-in.md) _Context: Girija Prasad Koirala, Nepal_
4. [ Nepal Civil War: Maoist insurgents in Nepal, responding to a demand by the newly appointed prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala, announce a unilateral three-month truce. Kathmandu gradually resumes normality after weeks of pro-democracy protests. ](/news/2006/04/27/nepal-civil-war-maoist-insurgents-in-nepal-responding-to-a-demand-by-the-newly-appointed-prime-minister-girija-prasad-koirala-announce-a.md) _Context: Girija Prasad Koirala, Nepal_
5. [ In Nepal, former prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala is released from house arrest and demands the return to democracy. ](/news/2005/04/2/in-nepal-former-prime-minister-girija-prasad-koirala-is-released-from-house-arrest-and-demands-the-return-to-democracy.md) _Context: Girija Prasad Koirala, Nepal_
6. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: Nepal_
8. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in Nepal leaves at least 36 dead and dozens more missing. ](/news/2017/08/12/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-nepal-leaves-at-least-36-dead-and-dozens-more-missing.md) _Context: Nepal_
9. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [China-Nepal relations. In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/china-nepal-relations-in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military.md) _Context: Nepal_
