### [2007-09-19](/news/2007/09/19/index.md)

#  U.S. Congressman Henry Waxman, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, announces that he will begin an investigation into the activities of Howard Krongard, Inspector General of the State Department.  Krongard has been accused of interfering with investigations into corruption involving fraud in the building of the new United States Embassy in Iraq, the smuggling of illegal weapons into Iraq by Blackwater USA employees, and the activities of former chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, Kenneth Tomlinson, in the use of his office for personal gain.  




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2007-09-19-voa40.cfm)

### Related:

1. [ Richard J. Griffin resigns as head of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security in the United States State Department following the Blackwater shooting in Iraq. ](/news/2007/10/24/richard-j-griffin-resigns-as-head-of-the-bureau-of-diplomatic-security-in-the-united-states-state-department-following-the-blackwater-shoo.md) _Context: Blackwater, Iraq, State Department_
2. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Congress_
3. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Congress_
4. [ U.S. Representative Henry Waxman sends a scathing letter to President George W. Bush, accusing the administration of having withheld until after the election a damaging audit regarding overcharges by Halliburton for services in Iraq (such as charging $27,000,000 for transporting $82,000 worth of fuel from Kuwait to Iraq). ](/news/2005/03/15/u-s-representative-henry-waxman-sends-a-scathing-letter-to-president-george-w-bush-accusing-the-administration-of-having-withheld-until.md) _Context: Henry Waxman, Iraq_
5. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the  mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals , including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: United States Congress_
7. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five.  ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Congress_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: Iraq_
