### [2003-05-31](/news/2003/05/31/index.md)

#  Eric Robert Rudolph, a suspect in the Centennial Olympic Park bombing at the 1996 Summer Olympics and other bombings in the Atlanta, Georgia area, is arrested behind a grocery store in North Carolina 




### Related:

1. [ Eric Rudolph is sentenced to three more life terms without possibility of parole for the Centennial Olympic Park bombing of the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. ](/news/2005/08/22/eric-rudolph-is-sentenced-to-three-more-life-terms-without-possibility-of-parole-for-the-centennial-olympic-park-bombing-of-the-1996-summer.md) _Context: 1996 Summer Olympics, Centennial Olympic Park bombing, Eric Rudolph_
2. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-are-investigating-a-series-of-fires-at-black-chu.md) _Context: Georgia, North Carolina_
3. [Severe storms in the US city of Atlanta, Georgia, kill at least three people and leave 193,000 people without power. ](/news/2011/05/26/severe-storms-in-the-us-city-of-atlanta-georgia-kill-at-least-three-people-and-leave-193-000-people-without-power.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia, Georgia_
4. [ An EF2 tornado hits Atlanta, Georgia, damaging many buildings including the CNN Center, the Georgia Dome, the World Congress Center and the Philips Arena. ](/news/2008/03/14/an-ef2-tornado-hits-atlanta-georgia-damaging-many-buildings-including-the-cnn-center-the-georgia-dome-the-world-congress-center-and-the.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia, Georgia_
5. [Maria strengthens into a hurricane and causes flooding in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. ](/news/2017/09/27/maria-strengthens-into-a-hurricane-and-causes-flooding-in-the-outer-banks-of-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina_
6. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: Georgia_
7. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: Georgia_
8. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: North Carolina_
9. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: Georgia_
