### [2003-05-31](/news/2003/05/31/index.md)

#  Peter MacKay is elected leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, replacing retiring leader Joe Clark.




### Related:

1. [Peter MacKay, Canadian Minister of Defence. marries Nazanin Afshin-Jam, an Iranian former beauty queen, in a private ceremony in Mexico. ](/news/2012/01/6/peter-mackay-canadian-minister-of-defence-marries-nazanin-afshin-jam-an-iranian-former-beauty-queen-in-a-private-ceremony-in-mexico.md) _Context: Peter MacKay_
2. [The United Arab Emirates closes its airspace to Canada's Defence Minister Peter MacKay over a growing dispute over aviation rights.](/news/2010/10/11/the-united-arab-emirates-closes-its-airspace-to-canada-s-defence-minister-peter-mackay-over-a-growing-dispute-over-aviation-rights.md) _Context: Peter MacKay_
3. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper shuffles his cabinet. Among the changes, embattled defence minister Gordon O'Connor and heritage minister Bev Oda are moved to National Revenue and International Cooperation and replaced by Peter Mackay and Josee Verner, respectively. ](/news/2007/08/14/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-shuffles-his-cabinet-among-the-changes-embattled-defence-minister-gordon-o-connor-and-heritage-min.md) _Context: Peter MacKay_
4. [The new Conservative Party of Canada, resulting from the merger of the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, is officially registered with Elections Canada. The party's first interim leader is John Lynch-Staunton, with a leadership race scheduled for March 2004. [http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20031208.wmerg1208/BNStory/National/]](/news/2003/12/8/the-new-conservative-party-of-canada-resulting-from-the-merger-of-the-canadian-alliance-and-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-i.md) _Context: Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
5. [ Delegates representing the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada vote 90% to 10% in favour of forming a union with the Canadian Alliance. The Alliance approved the measure even more overwhelmingly yesterday, with 96% support. The new party is to style itself the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/06/tories_vote031206]](/news/2003/12/6/delegates-representing-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-vote-90-to-10-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-canadian-alliance.md) _Context: Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
6. [Members of the Canadian Alliance vote 96% to 4% in favour of forming a union with the Progressive Conservative Party, called the Conservative Party of Canada. The Progressive Conservatives will vote tomorrow. ](/news/2003/12/5/members-of-the-canadian-alliance-vote-96-to-4-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-progressive-conservative-party-called-the-conservativ.md) _Context: Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
7. [Scott Brison becomes the fourth caucus member of the former Progressive Conservative Party of Canada to leave the new Conservative Party of Canada, crossing the floor to the Liberals. [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1071056728899&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2003/12/10/scott-brison-becomes-the-fourth-caucus-member-of-the-former-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-to-leave-the-new-conservative-party-of.md) _Context: Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
8. [ Larry Spencer of the Canadian Alliance party makes public statements stating his desire to recriminalize homosexual behaviour in Canada to combat what he claimed was a conspiracy by the homosexual community to infiltrate social institutions to recruit children into the "homosexual lifestyle". He was quickly denounced by numerous public figures including his own party leader, Stephen Harper, who also made him resign his position as Family Issue Critic in the Canadian House of Commons with an apology. However, commentators have noted that these inflammatory homophobic statements have placed the pending vote on the proposed merger with the Progressive Conservative Party on December 6 in jeopardy by illustrating fundamental differences between the parties concerning social attitudes.](/news/2003/11/27/larry-spencer-of-the-canadian-alliance-party-makes-public-statements-stating-his-desire-to-recriminalize-homosexual-behaviour-in-canada-to.md) _Context: Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
9. [ The Canadian Alliance and Progressive Conservative Party of Canada strike a deal to merge. The deal creating the Conservative Party of Canada must be ratified by each party's membership before December 12.](/news/2003/10/15/the-canadian-alliance-and-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-strike-a-deal-to-merge-the-deal-creating-the-conservative-party-of-cana.md) _Context: Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
