### [2003-05-31](/news/2003/05/31/index.md)

#  The final flight of an Air France Concorde takes place, landing at Charles de Gaulle Airport. British Airways plans to retire its Concorde fleet at the end of October.




### Related:

1. [ British Airways and Air France simultaneously announce that they will retire the supersonic Concorde aircraft. Passenger numbers had never recovered following a crash that killed 113 in 2000. In response, Sir Richard Branson offers to buy British Airways' Concordes for GBP1 for the use of his Virgin Atlantic Airlines. BA dismisses the offer as a stunt and indicates that the planes will go to air museums.](/news/2003/04/10/british-airways-and-air-france-simultaneously-announce-that-they-will-retire-the-supersonic-concorde-aircraft-passenger-numbers-had-never.md) _Context: Air France, British Airways, Concorde_
2. [The European Commission finds that Qantas, British Airways, Air France, Japan Airlines and seven other carriers fixed the price of air cargo between 1999 and 2006 and fines each airline involved millions of euros. ](/news/2010/11/9/the-european-commission-finds-that-qantas-british-airways-air-france-japan-airlines-and-seven-other-carriers-fixed-the-price-of-air-cargo.md) _Context: Air France, British Airways_
3. [British Airways cancels all flights from Heathrow Airport and Gatwick Airport amid a "major IT system failure", that is causing severe disruption to flight operations worldwide. ](/news/2017/05/27/british-airways-cancels-all-flights-from-heathrow-airport-and-gatwick-airport-amid-a-major-it-system-failure-that-is-causing-severe-disru.md) _Context: British Airways_
4. [Air France Flight 463 en-route to Paris from Mauritius makes an emergency landing in Mombasa, Kenya, after a package, suspected to be a bomb is found in the toilet. Later, Air France CEO Frederic Gagey says it was a false alarm; the package contained a mixture of cardboard, sheets of paper, and a timer. ](/news/2015/12/20/air-france-flight-463-en-route-to-paris-from-mauritius-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-mombasa-kenya-after-a-package-suspected-to-be-a-bomb.md) _Context: Air France_
5. [Ten gunmen storm the five-star Radisson Blu Hotel in the Malian capital Bamako, taking 170 hostages with at least 27 people killed. The grenade-toting assailants free captives who are able to recite the Quran. The hotel is "often used" by Air France staff. ](/news/2015/11/20/ten-gunmen-storm-the-five-star-radisson-blu-hotel-in-the-malian-capital-bamako-taking-170-hostages-with-at-least-27-people-killed-the-gren.md) _Context: Air France_
6. [Two Air France flights bound for Paris from the United States are diverted for several hours on following anonymous bomb threats. ](/news/2015/11/17/two-air-france-flights-bound-for-paris-from-the-united-states-are-diverted-for-several-hours-on-following-anonymous-bomb-threats.md) _Context: Air France_
7. [Airlines including Emirates, Lufthansa and Air France refuse to fly over the Sinai Peninsula until the cause of the crash is known. ](/news/2015/11/1/airlines-including-emirates-lufthansa-and-air-france-refuse-to-fly-over-the-sinai-peninsula-until-the-cause-of-the-crash-is-known.md) _Context: Air France_
8. [French police arrest six people in Paris over their suspected involvement in an attempt to steal 1.6 million euros worth of gold bars from an Air France plane on September 19. ](/news/2013/09/27/french-police-arrest-six-people-in-paris-over-their-suspected-involvement-in-an-attempt-to-steal-1-6-million-euros-worth-of-gold-bars-from-a.md) _Context: Air France_
9. [A 35-year-old Australian man tries to headbutt a pilot over the Atlantic Ocean, causing the diversion of a British Airways transatlantic flight from New York's JFK airport to London City Airport. ](/news/2012/12/19/a-35-year-old-australian-man-tries-to-headbutt-a-pilot-over-the-atlantic-ocean-causing-the-diversion-of-a-british-airways-transatlantic-fli.md) _Context: British Airways_
10. [Air France announces its decision to cut just under 10% of the total workforce (more than 5,000 jobs) by the end of next year in an attempt to restore profitability. ](/news/2012/06/21/air-france-announces-its-decision-to-cut-just-under-10-of-the-total-workforce-more-than-5-000-jobs-by-the-end-of-next-year-in-an-attempt.md) _Context: Air France_
