### [2003-05-31](/news/2003/05/31/index.md)

#  United States President George W. Bush visits the location of the former death camp at Auschwitz. He is only the second president to do so, after Gerald Ford toured the camp in 1975.




### Related:

1. [ According to a spokesman for the Georgian Interior Ministry, a hand grenade found among spectators during a speech by U.S. President George W. Bush last week in Tbilisi failed to function, although it was live and could have exploded. It was originally thought to have been a dummy grenade. ](/news/2005/05/18/according-to-a-spokesman-for-the-georgian-interior-ministry-a-hand-grenade-found-among-spectators-during-a-speech-by-u-s-president-george.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States of America_
2. [ During a visit to the former slave-trading station on Goree Island, off the coast of Dakar, Senegal, U.S. President George W. Bush calls slavery "one of the greatest crimes of history", but stops short of an official apology. ](/news/2003/07/8/during-a-visit-to-the-former-slave-trading-station-on-goree-island-off-the-coast-of-dakar-senegal-u-s-president-george-w-bush-calls-sl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President of the United States of America_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [Oskar Groning, known as the "Auschwitz book-keeper", is sentenced to four years imprisonment for being an accessory to the murder of 300,000 Jews. ](/news/2015/07/15/oskar-grapning-known-as-the-auschwitz-book-keeper-is-sentenced-to-four-years-imprisonment-for-being-an-accessory-to-the-murder-of-300-00.md) _Context: Auschwitz_
5. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
6. [Germany arrests a 93-year-old, alleged former Auschwitz guard, Hans Lipschis, on charges of murder. ](/news/2013/05/6/germany-arrests-a-93-year-old-alleged-former-auschwitz-guard-hans-lipschis-on-charges-of-murder.md) _Context: Auschwitz_
7. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [The funeral of former U.S. First Lady Betty Ford, wife of Gerald Ford, occurs. ](/news/2011/07/12/the-funeral-of-former-u-s-first-lady-betty-ford-wife-of-gerald-ford-occurs.md) _Context: Gerald Ford_
