### [2016-10-20](/news/2016/10/20/index.md)

# Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. 

Employees of Vale and BHP Billiton are among 21 people being charged with homicide over a 2015 Brazilian iron ore mine disaster.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-37723057)

### Related:

1. [Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep.  Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as-initially-reported-brazili.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Brazil, Minas Gerais, Vale_
2. [An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco Mineracao, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-the-nearby-village-of-bento-r.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Brazil, Minas Gerais, Vale_
3. [The Government of Brazil sues iron miner Samarco and parent companies Vale and BHP Billiton for 155 billion Brazilian reals ($43.5 billion US) for the collapse of a tailings dam that resulted in 19 deaths and caused major pollution to the Doce River. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-brazil-sues-iron-miner-samarco-and-parent-companies-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-155-billion-brazilian-reals-43-5-billion-u.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Samarco, Vale_
4. [Mining company Samarco agrees to pay $4.4bn reais (PS804m) in compensation to victims of the Bento Rodrigues dam disaster in Brazil. ](/news/2016/03/2/mining-company-samarco-agrees-to-pay-4-4bn-reais-aps804m-in-compensation-to-victims-of-the-bento-rodrigues-dam-disaster-in-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Samarco_
5. [At least ten people are killed in Brazil's Minas Gerais state after a bus accident. ](/news/2013/07/13/at-least-ten-people-are-killed-in-brazil-s-minas-gerais-state-after-a-bus-accident.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
6. [95 farm workers are rescued from difficult living conditions in two south-eastern states (Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro (state)) of Brazil. ](/news/2010/09/12/95-farm-workers-are-rescued-from-difficult-living-conditions-in-two-south-eastern-states-minas-gerais-and-rio-de-janeiro-state-of-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
7. [A teenager is shot dead and another is wounded by a further shot during a gay pride parade attended by around 70,000 people in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, Brazil. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-teenager-is-shot-dead-and-another-is-wounded-by-a-further-shot-during-a-gay-pride-parade-attended-by-around-70-000-people-in-juiz-de-fora.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
8. [Minas Gerais, one of Brazil's biggest states, bans the sale of the Toyota Corolla over safety fears. ](/news/2010/04/22/minas-gerais-one-of-brazil-s-biggest-states-bans-the-sale-of-the-toyota-corolla-over-safety-fears.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
9. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil_
