### [2016-10-20](/news/2016/10/20/index.md)

# Canada-European Union relations: The European Union calls an emergency two-day meeting about the planned EU-Canada free trade agreement, approved by all 28 EU member governments but held up by the "non" vote in Walloonia, one of Belgium's five sub-federal administrations. 

The Belgian region of Wallonia rejected new amendments to a planned EU-Canada free trade agreement on Thursday, reaffirming its opposition and so threatening the entire deal, a flagship of European Union trade policy.


### Source:

1. [NASDAQ](http://www.nasdaq.com/article/eu-calls-emergency-meeting-to-save-canadian-free-trade-deal-cm696011)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-canada-trade-idUSKCN12K1Z3)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/world/europe/brexit-migration-walloons-eus-list-of-crises-keeps-growing.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Canada-European Union relations: Belgium-Canada relations: Belgian politicians, including those from the dissident Wallonia region, agree on Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement language that addresses Walloon concerns. This ends the deadlock on CETA, though the revised text must again be approved by the other 27 EU member states. ](/news/2016/10/27/canada-european-union-relations-belgium-canada-relations-belgian-politicians-including-those-from-the-dissident-wallonia-region-agre.md) _Context: Belgium, Canada-European Union relations, Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, European Union_
2. [Canada-European Union relations: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and EU officials sign the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA). ](/news/2016/10/30/canada-european-union-relations-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-and-eu-officials-sign-the-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreeme.md) _Context: Canada-European Union relations, Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, European Union_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Belgium, European Union_
4. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings: Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-tha.md) _Context: Belgium, European Union_
5. [European migrant crisis: Enlargement of the European Union: The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/european-migrant-crisis-enlargement-of-the-european-union-the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-m.md) _Context: Belgium, European Union_
6. [European migrant crisis: Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways.md) _Context: Belgium, European Union_
7. [The Prime Minister of Canada and the European Union tentatively sign a free trade and copyright agreement. ](/news/2013/10/18/the-prime-minister-of-canada-and-the-european-union-tentatively-sign-a-free-trade-and-copyright-agreement.md) _Context: Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, European Union_
8. [European Union leaders agree to reform of the Treaty of Lisbon to keep member states budget deficits in line at a two-day summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2010/10/29/european-union-leaders-agree-to-reform-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-to-keep-member-states-budget-deficits-in-line-at-a-two-day-summit-in-brussels.md) _Context: Belgium, European Union_
9. [ Leaders of the European Union meet in Brussels, Belgium with climate change and energy security dominating the agenda. ](/news/2008/03/13/leaders-of-the-european-union-meet-in-brussels-belgium-with-climate-change-and-energy-security-dominating-the-agenda.md) _Context: Belgium, European Union_
10. [Poland in the European Union: The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: European Union_
