### [2016-10-20](/news/2016/10/20/index.md)

# Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an -arsenal- of weapons in his home. 

Prosecutors said in court papers they plan to charge Harold T. Martin under the Espionage Act and want bail denied.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/government-alleges-massive-theft-by-nsa-contractor/2016/10/20/e021c380-96cc-11e6-bb29-bf2701dbe0a3_story.html)

### Related:

1. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA". The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: Baltimore, National Security Agency_
2. [Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials. Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture. The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/removal-of-confederate-monuments-and-memorials-several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-i.md) _Context: Baltimore_
3. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
4. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
5. [2016-17 North American winter. Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S. Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/2016-17-north-american-winter-two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tan.md) _Context: Baltimore_
6. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
7. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
8. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
9. [The U.S. National Security Agency's website goes down amid hacking fears. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-u-s-national-security-agency-s-website-goes-down-amid-hacking-fears.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [Baltimore prosecutors drop all charges against the final three police officers with pending cases in the death of Freddie Gray. None of the six cases resulted in a conviction. ](/news/2016/07/27/baltimore-prosecutors-drop-all-charges-against-the-final-three-police-officers-with-pending-cases-in-the-death-of-freddie-gray-none-of-the.md) _Context: Baltimore_
