### [2008-09-17](/news/2008/09/17/index.md)

#  2008 Thai political crisis: Somchai Wongsawat has been elected as the next Prime Minister of Thailand by the National Assembly of Thailand with King Bhumibol Adulyadej having to endorse the selection. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Canberra Times](http://www.canberratimes.com.au/news/local/news/general/wongsawat-named-as-thailand-pm/1275290.aspx?src=rss)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:. The Prime Minister of Thailand, Somchai Wongsawat, declares a state of emergency to allow police to clear Bangkok's two international airports of protesters. ](/news/2008/11/28/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-somchai-wongsawat-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-allow-police-to-clear-bang.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
2. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: The Acting Prime Minister of Thailand Somchai Wongsawat lifts a state of emergency in place since September 2. ](/news/2008/09/14/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-acting-prime-minister-of-thailand-somchai-wongsawat-lifts-a-state-of-emergency-in-place-since-september-2.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
3. [2014 Thai coup d'etat. The National Assembly of Thailand elects coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha as Prime Minister. ](/news/2014/08/21/2014-thai-coup-d-a-c-tat-the-national-assembly-of-thailand-elects-coup-leader-general-prayuth-chan-ocha-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: National Assembly of Thailand, Prime Minister_
4. [Prime Minister of Thailand Abhisit Vejjajiva, declares a state of emergency after widespread anti-government protests and shortly after demonstrators stormed the country's parliament. ](/news/2010/04/7/prime-minister-of-thailand-abhisit-vejjajiva-declares-a-state-of-emergency-after-widespread-anti-government-protests-and-shortly-after-demo.md) _Context: National Assembly of Thailand, Prime Minister_
5. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:. The People's Alliance for Democracy claims to be in complete control of Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok's international airport. [http://www.smh.com.au/news/travel/protesters-we-control-bangkok-airport/2008/11/26/1227491584334.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1 (Sydney Morning Herald)]. Thai authorities evacuate thousands of passengers from Suvarnabhumi Airport. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/11/26/2430615.htm (ABC News Australia)]. Thai Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat rejects calls for election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7750737.stm BBC News] adde](/news/2008/11/26/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-claims-to-be-in-complete-control-of-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-s-intern.md) _Context: Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
6. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:. About 10,000 protesters from the People's Alliance for Democracy surround Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat's temporary office at Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand. ](/news/2008/11/25/2008-thai-political-crisis-about-10-000-protesters-from-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-surround-prime-minister-somchai-wongsawat-s-t.md) _Context: Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
7. [Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. ](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej, 88, the world's longest reigning monarch, is in unstable condition after a hemodialysis treatment. ](/news/2016/10/9/thailand-s-king-bhumibol-adulyadej-88-the-world-s-longest-reigning-monarch-is-in-unstable-condition-after-a-hemodialysis-treatment.md) _Context: Bhumibol Adulyadej_
9. [Death and funeral of Bhumibol Adulyadej. Thailand declares today a government holiday for mourning King Bhumibol Adulyadej's death. ](/news/2016/10/14/death-and-funeral-of-bhumibol-adulyadej-thailand-declares-today-a-government-holiday-for-mourning-king-bhumibol-adulyadej-s-death.md) _Context: Bhumibol Adulyadej_
10. [The King of Thailand Bhumibol Adulyadej dies at the age of 88. He was the world's longest currently serving monarch. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-king-of-thailand-bhumibol-adulyadej-dies-at-the-age-of-88-he-was-the-world-s-longest-currently-serving-monarch.md) _Context: Bhumibol Adulyadej_
