### [2008-09-17](/news/2008/09/17/index.md)

#  2008 Russian financial crisis: Trading is suspended for the second day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges (the MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS) after shares fall dramatically, forcing the central bank in Moscow to intervene. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601085&sid=a1sZsKZ32kvU&refer=europe)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601085&sid=arNaiuHTXLbs&refer=europe)
3. [The Times](http://business.timesonline.co.uk/tol/business/markets/article4772350.ece)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Both of Russia's main stock exchanges, the MICEX and RTS, suspend trading of stocks "for technical reasons" as the markets rally after a 1-1/2 day trading halt that ended earlier in the morning. ](/news/2008/10/3/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-both-of-russia-s-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-rts-suspend-trading-of-stocks-for-technical-reasons.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS, Russia_
2. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Trading is suspended for the third day in succession on Russia's two main stock exchanges, the MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS, amidst fear of financial collapse. News agencies are quoting Russia's Finance Minister, Alexei Kudrin, as saying trading on Russian exchanges won't resume until September 19. ](/news/2008/09/18/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-trading-is-suspended-for-the-third-day-in-succession-on-russia-s-two-main-stock-exchanges-the-micex-and-th.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS, Russia_
3. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Russia's most liquid stock exchange MICEX and the dollar-denominated RTS suspend trade for one hour after the worst one-day fall in ten years as Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin reassured markets there was no "systemic" crisis. ](/news/2008/09/16/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-russia-s-most-liquid-stock-exchange-micex-and-the-dollar-denominated-rts-suspend-trade-for-one-hour-after-t.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS, Russia_
4. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Standard & Poor's becomes the first credit rating agency to downgrade Russia since 1999, while data showed that the Central Bank spent US$30 billion in currency market interventions in November 2008. ](/news/2008/12/8/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-standard-poor-s-becomes-the-first-credit-rating-agency-to-downgrade-russia-since-1999-while-data-showed.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, Russia, Russian Central Bank_
5. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: The RTS and MICEX stock exchanges halt trading until Friday after opening for just more than half an hour as prices plummeted in tune with the overall situation in the world's stock markets and falling oil prices. ](/news/2008/10/8/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-the-rts-and-micex-stock-exchanges-halt-trading-until-friday-after-opening-for-just-more-than-half-an-hour-a.md) _Context: 2008 Russian financial crisis, MICEX, RTS_
6. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
7. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
8. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
9. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
10. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
