### [2008-09-17](/news/2008/09/17/index.md)

#  Foreign Minister of Israel Tzipi Livni is selected as the new leader of the Kadima party, putting her in position to possibly become the first female Prime Minister of Israel since Golda Meir. 

Ilan and Ari Rabinovitch


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSLH62065120080917)

### Related:

1. [ Avigdor Yitzhaki, the chairman and co-founder of Ehud Olmert's Kadima party, calls on Olmert to resign as the Prime Minister of Israel over his handling of the 2006 Lebanon War. Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni later joined calls for Olmert's resignation. ](/news/2007/05/2/avigdor-yitzhaki-the-chairman-and-co-founder-of-ehud-olmert-s-kadima-party-calls-on-olmert-to-resign-as-the-prime-minister-of-israel-over.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima, Tzipi Livni_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert officially submits his resignation to President Shimon Peres. Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni begins talks on forming a new government. ](/news/2008/09/21/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-officially-submits-his-resignation-to-president-shimon-peres-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-begins-talks.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Tzipi Livni_
3. [ Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert announces his intention to resign as Prime Minister in two months as his Kadima party chooses a new leader. He will also resign as Chairman of Kadima effective in two months. One reason for resignation is the corruption scandal in which Olmert is embattled. ](/news/2008/07/30/prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-prime-minister-in-two-months-as-his-kadima-party-chooses-a-new-le.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert strikes a deal with the Labor Party to avoid dissolution of the Knesset in return for Olmert holding a leadership contest for the Kadima party by September. ](/news/2008/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-strikes-a-deal-with-the-labor-party-to-avoid-dissolution-of-the-knesset-in-return-for-olmert-holdi.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, announces his resignation from Likud and his intention to form a new party, and asks the President of Israel to call a general election. ](/news/2005/11/21/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-announces-his-resignation-from-likud-and-his-intention-to-form-a-new-party-and-asks-the-presid.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima_
6. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima_
7. [Politics of Israel: The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/politics-of-israel-the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-t.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Germany-Israel relations: Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Former President and Prime Minister of Israel, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/28/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-israel-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-shimon-peres-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister_
