### [2008-09-17](/news/2008/09/17/index.md)

#  The BBC reports that British bank HBOS is in advanced talks with Lloyds TSB as HBOS share prices plummet as a result of exposure to the subprime mortgage crisis. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/09/17/business/EU-Britain-HBOS.php)

### Related:

1. [ British bank Lloyds TSB completes a GBP12.2bn takeover of rival HBOS, the UK's largest mortgage lender. The Competition Commission has allowed the deal as it has government backing, despite the fact that it will leave Lloyd's HBOS in control of a third of the UK mortgage market. ](/news/2008/09/18/british-bank-lloyds-tsb-completes-a-gbp12-2bn-takeover-of-rival-hbos-the-uk-s-largest-mortgage-lender-the-competition-commission-has-allo.md) _Context: HBOS, Lloyd's HBOS_
2. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
3. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: BBC_
4. [Former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield and other bankers and consultants are found guilty of corruption and abuse of power in stealing GBP245 million from the bank and small businesses in a loans scam, which was spent on personal luxuries. Scourfield was sentenced to 11 years in prison. ](/news/2017/02/2/former-hbos-manager-lynden-scourfield-and-other-bankers-and-consultants-are-found-guilty-of-corruption-and-abuse-of-power-in-stealing-agbp24.md) _Context: HBOS_
5. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: housing crisis_
8. [A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savile-but-did-not-advise-senior-manage.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [Former BBC journalist Jacky Sutton is found hanged in a restroom at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport. Of late, she was the acting director of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. ](/news/2015/10/20/former-bbc-journalist-jacky-sutton-is-found-hanged-in-a-restroom-at-istanbulas-ataturk-airport-of-late-she-was-the-acting-director-of-th.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [The BBC reports that Nigeria will be removed from the list of countries where polio is endemic. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-bbc-reports-that-nigeria-will-be-removed-from-the-list-of-countries-where-polio-is-endemic.md) _Context: BBC_
