### [2015-02-26](/news/2015/02/26/index.md)

# Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/26/marijuana-legalization-dc_n_6753554.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado, U.S., Washington_
2. [Twenty-three people allegedly linked to the Mexican Los Zetas Cartel are indicted in the US state of Colorado for allegedly trying to smuggle marijuana in the United States. ](/news/2011/07/11/twenty-three-people-allegedly-linked-to-the-mexican-los-zetas-cartel-are-indicted-in-the-us-state-of-colorado-for-allegedly-trying-to-smuggl.md) _Context: Colorado, U.S., marijuana_
3. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
4. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
5. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material. All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line. ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
6. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
7. [ The Health Information Trust Alliance, a nonprofit industry group, warns that hospitals in the United States must prepare for more ransomware attacks. A review late last year of some 30 mid-sized U.S. hospitals found 52 percent were infected with malicious software. This week, an attack on MedStar Health forced the largest healthcare provider in the Washington, D.C. area, to shut down much of its computer network. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-health-information-trust-alliance-a-nonprofit-industry-group-warns-that-hospitals-in-the-united-states-must-prepare-for-more-ransomwa.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
8. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: U.S., Washington, D.C._
9. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Alaska, Colorado_
10. [The Seattle City Council unanimously votes to give Uber, Lyft, and other contract drivers the power to unionize. The Washington city becomes the first in the United States to do so. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray opposes the bill which can still become law without his signature. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-seattle-city-council-unanimously-votes-to-give-uber-lyft-and-other-contract-drivers-the-power-to-unionize-the-washington-city-becomes.md) _Context: U.S., Washington_
