### [2009-05-30](/news/2009/05/30/index.md)

#  North Korea launches its sixth ballistic missile despite the United Nations Security Council's possible international sanctions. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,27574,25559829-23109,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China refuses to let the United Nations Security Council publish a report on North Korea's efforts to avoid sanctions on its nuclear program. ](/news/2011/02/23/the-people-s-republic-of-china-refuses-to-let-the-united-nations-security-council-publish-a-report-on-north-korea-s-efforts-to-avoid-sanctio.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic, sanctions_
2. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-no.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions. ](/news/2016/06/23/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launch.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [The People's Republic of China urges North Korea to abide by a United Nations Security Council resolution that bans the North from conducting ballistic missile tests, two days after Pyongyang claimed it conducted a test from a submarine. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-urges-north-korea-to-abide-by-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-bans-the-north-from-conductin.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, ballistic missile_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-offic.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
