### [2006-03-5](/news/2006/03/5/index.md)

#  78th Academy Awards: "Crash" wins Best Picture, Ang Lee ("Brokeback Mountain") wins Best Director, Reese Witherspoon ("Walk the Line") wins Best Actress, and Philip Seymour Hoffman ("Capote") wins Best Actor. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/SHOWBIZ/Movies/03/05/oscar.advancer/index.html)

### Related:

1. [American actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 for "Capote", is found dead in his Manhattan apartment at the age of 46. Authorities initially attributed the death to a drug overdose. ](/news/2014/02/2/american-actor-philip-seymour-hoffman-who-won-the-academy-award-for-best-actor-at-the-78th-academy-awards-in-2006-for-capote-is-found-de.md) _Context: 78th Academy Awards, Academy Award for Best Actor, Capote, Philip Seymour Hoffman_
2. [ "Slumdog Millionaire" wins eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Director for Danny Boyle. Sean Penn wins Best Actor for "Milk" and Kate Winslet wins Best Actress for "The Reader". ](/news/2009/02/22/slumdog-millionaire-wins-eight-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-director-for-danny-boyle-sean-penn-wins-best-actor-for-milk.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor, Academy Award for Best Director, Academy Award for Best Picture_
3. [ 79th Academy Awards: "The Departed" wins four Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Martin Scorsese. Helen Mirren wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in "The Queen". Forest Whitaker won the Academy Award for Best Actor for playing Idi Amin in "The Last King of Scotland". Alan Arkin won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Little Miss Sunshine" with Jennifer Hudson winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Dreamgirls". ](/news/2007/02/25/79th-academy-awards-the-departed-wins-four-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-best-director-for-martin-scorsese-helen-mirren-win.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor, Academy Award for Best Director, Academy Award for Best Picture_
4. [Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu becomes the second Mexican director to win Academy Award for Best Director for "Birdman". "Birdman" then wins the Academy Award for Best Picture. ](/news/2015/02/22/alejandro-gonza-lez-ia-a-rritu-becomes-the-second-mexican-director-to-win-academy-award-for-best-director-for-birdman-birdman-then-wins.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Director, Academy Award for Best Picture_
5. [ Marion Cotillard wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of dith Piaf in "La Vie en rose", while Daniel Day-Lewis takes home the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "There Will Be Blood". ](/news/2008/02/24/marion-cotillard-wins-the-academy-award-for-best-actress-for-her-portrayal-of-edith-piaf-in-la-vie-en-rose-while-daniel-day-lewis-takes.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor_
6. [ Western romance "Brokeback Mountain" wins awards for best film and best director for Ang Lee at the BAFTA awards. ](/news/2006/02/20/western-romance-brokeback-mountain-wins-awards-for-best-film-and-best-director-for-ang-lee-at-the-bafta-awards.md) _Context: Ang Lee, Brokeback Mountain_
7. [American film director Jonathan Demme, winner of the Academy Award for Best Director for "The Silence of the Lambs", dies of complications from esophageal cancer. ](/news/2017/04/26/american-film-director-jonathan-demme-winner-of-the-academy-award-for-best-director-for-the-silence-of-the-lambs-dies-of-complications-f.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Director_
8. [British-American Academy Award-winning film actress Olivia de Havilland, one of the last leading movie stars of the Golden Age of Hollywood, celebrates her 100th birthday. ](/news/2016/07/1/britishaamerican-academy-awardawinning-film-actress-olivia-de-havilland-one-of-the-last-leading-movie-stars-of-the-golden-age-of-hollyw.md) _Context: Academy Award_
9. [The Motion Picture Academy announces the nominees for the 87th Academy Awards best picture at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California. The nominations are "American Sniper", "Birdman", "Boyhood", "The Grand Budapest Hotel", "The Imitation Game", "Selma", "The Theory of Everything", and "Whiplash". ](/news/2015/01/15/the-motion-picture-academy-announces-the-nominees-for-the-87th-academy-awards-best-picture-at-the-samuel-goldwyn-theater-in-beverly-hills-c.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
10. [Luise Rainer, German-born American actress ("The Great Ziegfeld", "The Good Earth"), Academy Award winner (1936, 1937), dies of pneumonia at the age of 104. ](/news/2014/12/30/luise-rainer-german-born-american-actress-the-great-ziegfeld-the-good-earth-academy-award-winner-1936-1937-dies-of-pneumonia-at.md) _Context: Academy Award_
