### [2006-03-5](/news/2006/03/5/index.md)

#  Tens of thousands of protesters in Bangkok demand the resignation of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra of Thailand. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4775926.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/asiapcf/03/05/thailand.protests/)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2006-03-05T204237Z_01_BKK198058_RTRUKOC_0_UK-THAILAND-POLITICS.xml&archived=False)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
2. [Senior red-shirt leader Arisman Pongruangrong climbs down a rope to escape an arrest attempt by Thai security forces laying siege to Thaksin Shinawatra's SC Park Hotel in Bangkok. He urges protesters to leave Ratchaprasong "to avoid being used as human shields". ](/news/2010/04/16/senior-red-shirt-leader-arisman-pongruangrong-climbs-down-a-rope-to-escape-an-arrest-attempt-by-thai-security-forces-laying-siege-to-thaksin.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
3. [ More than 5,000 Royal Police are deployed to Bangkok, Thailand, as supporters of deposed Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra protest. ](/news/2009/01/31/more-than-5-000-royal-police-are-deployed-to-bangkok-thailand-as-supporters-of-deposed-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-protest.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
4. [ About 10,000 protesters from the People's Alliance for Democracy surround Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat's temporary office at Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand. ](/news/2008/11/25/about-10-000-protesters-from-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-surround-prime-minister-somchai-wongsawat-s-temporary-office-at-don-mueang.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Thailand_
5. [ Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej declares a state of emergency in Bangkok after clashes between groups of pro- and anti-government protesters resulted in one death and 43 injuries. ](/news/2008/09/2/thai-prime-minister-samak-sundaravej-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-bangkok-after-clashes-between-groups-of-pro-and-anti-government-prot.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Thailand_
6. [ Thailand's Constitutional Court clears the Democrat Party of electoral fraud, but finds former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's Thai Rak Thai party guilty of bribery and rules it must be disbanded. ](/news/2007/05/30/thailand-s-constitutional-court-clears-the-democrat-party-of-electoral-fraud-but-finds-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-s-thai-rak.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
7. [ Thailand summons the Singaporean ambassador to Bangkok to protest about a visit made by former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra, deposed in the 2006 Thai coup d'tat, to Singapore. Thaksin was able to meet the Singaporean Deputy Prime Minister, S Jayakumar, but Singapore played down the meeting as "purely social and private". ](/news/2007/01/16/thailand-summons-the-singaporean-ambassador-to-bangkok-to-protest-about-a-visit-made-by-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-thaksin-shinawatr.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
8. [ A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off. An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-coup-d-etat-occurs-in-thailand-with-tanks-seen-moving-into-place-around-government-buildings-in-bangkok-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawat.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
9. [ A The Nation Group's newspaper critical of Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra agrees to stop publishing for five days amid protests about the way it referred to the King of Thailand. ](/news/2006/03/31/a-the-nation-group-s-newspaper-critical-of-thai-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-agrees-to-stop-publishing-for-five-days-amid-protests-abo.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
10. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
