### [2015-03-30](/news/2015/03/30/index.md)

# United Kingdom general election, 2015. Queen Elizabeth II dissolves the Parliament and calls a general election for May 7. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/29/us-britain-election-idUSKBN0MP0ZW20150329)

### Related:

1. [ Queen Elizabeth II officially opens the Parliament of the United Kingdom and delivers Her Majesty's Most Gracious Address. ](/news/2009/11/18/queen-elizabeth-ii-officially-opens-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-and-delivers-her-majesty-s-most-gracious-address.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, Parliament_
2. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Parliament_
3. [Buckingham Palace announces that 95-year-old Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince consort of Queen Elizabeth II, will retire from royal duties in August. ](/news/2017/05/4/buckingham-palace-announces-that-95-year-old-prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-the-prince-consort-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-will-retire-from-ro.md) _Context: Elizabeth II_
4. [Queen Elizabeth II celebrates her 91st birthday. ](/news/2017/04/21/queen-elizabeth-ii-celebrates-her-91st-birthday.md) _Context: Elizabeth II_
5. [Queen Elizabeth II marks her 65th anniversary as sovereign, making her the only British monarch to commemorate a Sapphire Jubilee. ](/news/2017/02/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-marks-her-65th-anniversary-as-sovereign-making-her-the-only-british-monarch-to-commemorate-a-sapphire-jubilee.md) _Context: Elizabeth II_
6. [United Kingdom-United States relations. A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: Parliament_
7. [R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move. ](/news/2017/01/24/r-miller-v-secretary-of-state-for-exiting-the-european-union-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Parliament_
8. [The academic Phil Scraton refuses an OBE granted to him by Elizabeth II in her 2017 New Year Honours list for his work on the Hillsborough disaster. Professor Scraton wrote "Hillsborough: The Truth", first published in 1990 and seen as the definitive account of the disaster. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-academic-phil-scraton-refuses-an-obe-granted-to-him-by-elizabeth-ii-in-her-2017-new-year-honours-list-for-his-work-on-the-hillsborough-d.md) _Context: Elizabeth II_
9. [Brexit aftermath. The High Court rules that Parliament must vote on whether the United Kingdom can start the process of leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. ](/news/2016/11/3/brexit-aftermath-the-high-court-rules-that-parliament-must-vote-on-whether-the-united-kingdom-can-start-the-process-of-leaving-the-european.md) _Context: Parliament_
10. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Parliament_
