### [2004-01-5](/news/2004/01/5/index.md)

#  A British and a German Member of the European Parliament both receive letter bombs in the post. This follows an earlier letter bomb sent to the President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi.




### Related:

1. [ Romano Prodi, the President of the European Commission, survives a letter bomb attack. ](/news/2003/12/27/romano-prodi-the-president-of-the-european-commission-survives-a-letter-bomb-attack.md) _Context: President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi_
2. [ President of the European Commission Romano Prodi unveils a proposal to boost flagging economic growth in Europe. The plan has two main parts: increasing spending on European transport networks and promoting research and development.](/news/2003/10/1/president-of-the-european-commission-romano-prodi-unveils-a-proposal-to-boost-flagging-economic-growth-in-europe-the-plan-has-two-main-par.md) _Context: President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi_
3. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
4. [Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-chairman-and-paul-nuttall-president-of-the-initiative-for-direct-democracy-in-eu.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
5. [Former United Kingdom Independence Party Member of the European Parliament Ashley Mote is jailed for 5 years for fraudulently claiming almost GBP500k in European Parliament expenses. ](/news/2015/07/13/former-united-kingdom-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-ashley-mote-is-jailed-for-5-years-for-fraudulently-claiming-almos.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
6. [Slovenian MEPs of the European People's Party announce that they will vote against the new line-up of the European Commission on 22 October unless former PM Alenka Bratusek is replaced as Slovenia's commissioner. ](/news/2014/09/20/slovenian-meps-of-the-european-people-s-party-announce-that-they-will-vote-against-the-new-line-up-of-the-european-commission-on-22-october.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
7. [The European Parliament votes to elect Jean-Claude Juncker as President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/07/15/the-european-parliament-votes-to-elect-jean-claude-juncker-as-president-of-the-european-commission.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
8. [Amidst staunch opposition from UK Prime Minister David Cameron's ministry, the European Council nominates Jean-Claude Juncker, former Prime Minister of Luxembourg, to be President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/06/27/amidst-staunch-opposition-from-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-ministry-the-european-council-nominates-jean-claude-juncker-former-prime.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
9. [UK Independence Party MEP Marta Andreasen announces she is leaving the party to join the Conservatives. ](/news/2013/02/22/uk-independence-party-mep-marta-andreasen-announces-she-is-leaving-the-party-to-join-the-conservatives.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
10. [Belgian MEP and former PM Guy Verhofstadt warns that the Flemish N-VA party and the far right are "the same". N-VA dismisses the criticism as "gratuitous". ](/news/2012/09/22/belgian-mep-and-former-pm-guy-verhofstadt-warns-that-the-flemish-n-va-party-and-the-far-right-are-the-same-n-va-dismisses-the-criticism-a.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
