### [2004-01-5](/news/2004/01/5/index.md)

#  Panhellenic Socialist Movement, the ruling political party of Greece, is about to change leadership. The official report is expected to be published on January 7, 2004. It is expected by many that the new leader will be George Papandreou, junior. See and (Greek)




### Related:

1. [ Costas Simitis, the prime minister of Greece and president of the ruling PASOK, after informing the country's president Costis Stephanopoulos, announced his resignation. At the same time he announced national elections for March 7, 2004, when PASOK will have a new president, expected to be George Papandreou. PASOK will be challenged by the New Democracy opposition led by Kostas Karamanlis. See, (Greek) and, (English).](/news/2004/01/7/costas-simitis-the-prime-minister-of-greece-and-president-of-the-ruling-pasok-after-informing-the-country-s-president-costis-stephanopoul.md) _Context: George Papandreou, PASOK_
2. [ Education in Greece: Debate over the private universities issue and George Papandreou, junior's suggestions (see 9 January) between New Democracy and PASOK. (Greek)](/news/2004/01/13/education-in-greece-debate-over-the-private-universities-issue-and-george-papandreou-junior-s-suggestions-see-9-january-between-new-dem.md) _Context: George Papandreou, PASOK_
3. [Former Prime Minister George Papandreou announces the formation of a new party, Movement of Democratic Socialists, threatening to push the long-dominant PASOK under the election threshold. ](/news/2015/01/3/former-prime-minister-george-papandreou-announces-the-formation-of-a-new-party-movement-of-democratic-socialists-threatening-to-push-the-l.md) _Context: PASOK_
4. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Antonis Samaras, reshuffles his cabinet giving more positions to his Panhellenic Socialist Movement coalition partner, appointing its leader Evangelos Venizelos as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister. ](/news/2013/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-greece-antonis-samaras-reshuffles-his-cabinet-giving-more-positions-to-his-panhellenic-socialist-movement-coalition.md) _Context: PASOK_
5. [In Greece, Evangelos Venizelos of the Pasok party makes a third effort to create a coalition government, amid increasing political and economic turmoil in the country. ](/news/2012/05/10/in-greece-evangelos-venizelos-of-the-pasok-party-makes-a-third-effort-to-create-a-coalition-government-amid-increasing-political-and-econo.md) _Context: PASOK_
6. [Former Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou announces that he will resign as head of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. ](/news/2012/01/4/former-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-head-of-the-panhellenic-socialist-movement.md) _Context: PASOK_
7. [Greeks vote in local elections with the Prime Minister George Papandreou threatening to dissolve parliament if his party does not fare well. Early results show that the PASOK is doing well making an early election less likely. ](/news/2010/11/7/greeks-vote-in-local-elections-with-the-prime-minister-george-papandreou-threatening-to-dissolve-parliament-if-his-party-does-not-fare-well.md) _Context: PASOK_
8. [The Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou does well in a second round of municipal elections including its candidates elected as mayors of Athens and Thessaloniki. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-panhellenic-socialist-movement-pasok-of-greek-prime-minister-george-papandreou-does-well-in-a-second-round-of-municipal-elections-incl.md) _Context: PASOK_
9. [A parcel bomb delivered to the public order ministry in Athens, addressed to counter-terrorism minister Michalis Chrysohoidis, is opened by an aide, instantly killing him; Chrysohoidis is unhurt. Prime Minister George Papandreou labels it a terrorist attack. ](/news/2010/06/24/a-parcel-bomb-delivered-to-the-public-order-ministry-in-athens-addressed-to-counter-terrorism-minister-michalis-chrysohoidis-is-opened-by.md) _Context: George Papandreou_
10. [One hundred thousand Greeks participate in a general strike in Greece to protest against "austerity measures" set up by the recent Papandreou's gouverment. ](/news/2010/05/5/one-hundred-thousand-greeks-participate-in-a-general-strike-in-greece-to-protest-against-austerity-measures-set-up-by-the-recent-papandreo.md) _Context: George Papandreou_
