### [2015-08-6](/news/2015/08/6/index.md)

# 2015 Abha mosque bombing, Terrorism in Saudi Arabia. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. A suicide bomb attack kills at least 15 people at a mosque in the south-western Saudi city of Abha. IS claims responsibility. 

A suicide bomber killed at least 15 people in an attack on a mosque used by members of a local security force in southwest Saudi Arabia on Thursday, the interior ministry said, an assault that an online statement said was carried out by Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/claims-bombing-against-police-saudi-arabia-163854387.html)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/08/06/uk-saudi-security-bomb-idUKKCN0QB17Q20150806)

### Related:

1. [Terrorism in Saudi Arabia. Saudi security forces shoot dead two alleged Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants while two others blew themselves up near Mecca, Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/05/5/terrorism-in-saudi-arabia-saudi-security-forces-shoot-dead-two-alleged-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-while-two-others-blew.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Terrorism in Saudi Arabia_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Two ISIL suicide bombers attack a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, killing at least 15 people. ](/news/2016/02/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-isil-suicide-bombers-attack-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-15-people.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, suicide bomber_
3. [January 2016 Istanbul bombing. At least 10 people are killed and 15 injured, mostly German tourists, following an explosion in Istanbul's Sultanahmet Square. A Syrian suicide bomber, an ISIL member, is responsible, according to Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. ](/news/2016/01/12/january-2016-istanbul-bombing-at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-mostly-german-tourists-following-an-explosion-in-istanbul-s-su.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, suicide bomber_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, suicide bomber_
5. [Terrorism in Saudi Arabia. A gunman from the Islamic State opens fire on a Shiite meeting hall in Saudi Arabia, killing five people. ](/news/2015/10/17/terrorism-in-saudi-arabia-a-gunman-from-the-islamic-state-opens-fire-on-a-shiite-meeting-hall-in-saudi-arabia-killing-five-people.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Terrorism in Saudi Arabia_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [2017 Barcelona attack. A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL_
