### [2015-08-6](/news/2015/08/6/index.md)

# Many people throughout the world commemorate the 70th anniversary of the dropping of an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. 

Bells tolled and thousands bowed their heads in prayer in Hiroshima on Thursday at ceremonies that marked the 70th anniversary of the world&#039;s first atomic bombing and highlighted rising tensions over Japan&#039;s moves away from its pacifist constitution.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/world/hiroshima-marks-atomic-bombing-20150806-giszg7.html)

### Related:

1. [G7 foreign ministers meeting. John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meeting-john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peac.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
2. [36 people are killed by landslides in Hiroshima, Japan, after a night of heavy rain. ](/news/2014/08/21/36-people-are-killed-by-landslides-in-hiroshima-japan-after-a-night-of-heavy-rain.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
3. [The BBC apologises after offending the sensibilities of Japanese viewers by broadcasting jokes targeting Tsutomu Yamaguchi, who survived both atomic bomb attacks carried out by the United States on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. ](/news/2011/01/23/the-bbc-apologises-after-offending-the-sensibilities-of-japanese-viewers-by-broadcasting-jokes-targeting-tsutomu-yamaguchi-who-survived-bot.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
4. [ 64th anniversary of Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings. Japan calls for a nuclear-weapons-free world as it marks 64 years since Hiroshima was hit in the world's first atomic bomb attack. ](/news/2009/08/6/64th-anniversary-of-hiroshima-and-nagasaki-atomic-bombings-japan-calls-for-a-nuclear-weapons-free-world-as-it-marks-64-years-since-hiroshi.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
5. [US Navy losses in World War II. The wreckage of the Indianapolis|CA-35|6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/us-navy-losses-in-world-war-ii-the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-ca-35-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i.md) _Context: Little Boy_
6. [Tropical Storm Nanmadol (2017). The death toll from flooding on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu rises to 15, with six others missing. ](/news/2017/07/8/tropical-storm-nanmadol-2017-the-death-toll-from-flooding-on-the-southern-japanese-island-of-kyushu-rises-to-15-with-six-others-missing.md) _Context: Japan_
7. [2017 Pacific typhoon season. Severe flooding on the Japanese island of Kyushu has caused seven deaths with twenty people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-pacific-typhoon-season-severe-flooding-on-the-japanese-island-of-kyushu-has-caused-seven-deaths-with-twenty-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Japan_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan_
10. [Floods in Japan. The death toll from recent torrential rain and flooding in Kyushu in southern Japan rises to 25. ](/news/2017/07/11/floods-in-japan-the-death-toll-from-recent-torrential-rain-and-flooding-in-kyushu-in-southern-japan-rises-to-25.md) _Context: Japan_
