### [2015-08-6](/news/2015/08/6/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least eight people and injures twelve in the city of Pul-i-Alam in Logar Province. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/afghan-official-suicide-truck-bomb-kills-wounds-12-32913354)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to a local police chief, at least seven militants are killed by Afghan security forces in Logar Province. ](/news/2017/03/25/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-local-police-chief-at-least-seven-militants-are-killed-by-afghan-security-forces-in-log.md) _Context: Logar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Four members of the Afghan National Security Forces are killed and 11 people are injured during a suicide bomber attack near the Afghan defense ministry headquarters in Kabul. ](/news/2016/11/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-four-members-of-the-afghan-national-security-forces-are-killed-and-11-people-are-injured-during-a-suici.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 26 and injures nearly 50 in Afghanistan's eastern Kunar Province near the border with Pakistan. ](/news/2016/02/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-26-and-injures-nearly-50-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-kunar-province-near-t.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 13 people and injures 14 in the Afghan city of Jalalabad. ](/news/2016/01/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-13-people-and-injures-14-in-the-afghan-city-of-jalalabad.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber targets a foreign forces convoy in the Joy Shir area of Kabul. Taliban insurgents claim responsibility. A statement from Afghanistan's Interior Ministry reported at least three civilians were wounded. There are no report of casualties among the foreign forces. ](/news/2015/10/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-foreign-forces-convoy-in-the-joy-shir-area-of-kabul-taliban-insurgents-clai.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan suicide bomber attacks a NATO convoy in Kabul killing at least twelve people and injuring 66 others. ](/news/2015/08/22/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-killing-at-least-twelve-people-and-injuring-66.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomb blast kills at least five people at the entrance to the Kabul International Airport. The Taliban claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/08/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomb-blast-kills-at-least-five-people-at-the-entrance-to-the-kabul-international-airport-the.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): In a friendly fire incident, a NATO air strike hits an Afghan National Army outpost in Logar Province, about 30 miles east of Kabul, with at least seven soldiers killed and five wounded. ](/news/2015/07/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-in-a-friendly-fire-incident-a-nato-air-strike-hits-an-afghan-national-army-outpost-in-logar-province.md) _Context: Logar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber and gunmen attack a court building in the provincial capital of Maidan Shahr in Maidan Wardak resulting in the deaths of two police officers and four of the attackers. ](/news/2015/05/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-and-gunmen-attack-a-court-building-in-the-provincial-capital-of-maidan-shahr-in-maidan.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
