### [2015-08-6](/news/2015/08/6/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War:: Saudi Arabia sends new military equipment including tanks from Sharura into northern Yemen to support government forces fighting Iran-backed Houthi militants. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/saudis-reinforce-troops-battling-yemen-houthi-rebels/2904235.html)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): At least 50 people are killed, including seven civilians, in heavy fighting between Houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/10/26/yemeni-civil-war-2015-at-least-50-people-are-killed-including-seven-civilians-in-heavy-fighting-between-houthi-rebels-and-forces-loyal.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Yemeni Civil War (2015): A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. ](/news/2015/10/17/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-targeting-houthis-in-the-southern-taiz-gov.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): At least 10 children are killed and 28 injured in an air attack on a school in northern Yemen. The Houthi group claims that the Saudi Arabia led coalition is responsible. ](/news/2016/08/13/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-10-children-are-killed-and-28-injured-in-an-air-attack-on-a-school-in-northern-yemen-the-houthi.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-gover.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/yemeni-civil-war-2015-two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Two attacks on security checkpoints by ISIS militants in Yemen's historic Shibam town and Al Qatn District in the central Hadhramaut Governorate leave at least 15 pro-Hadi government soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/yemeni-civil-war-2015-two-attacks-on-security-checkpoints-by-isis-militants-in-yemen-s-historic-shibam-town-and-al-qatn-district-in-the-c.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Fighting rages between Houthi militants and Hadi loyalists backed-by Saudi-led coalition forces along Yemen's Red Sea coast for control over the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Houthi officials say that their forces have destroyed six opposing tanks and killed multiple pro-Hadi fighters. Also, the UAE announces another of its soldiers has died during fighting in Ma'rib. ](/news/2015/10/5/yemeni-civil-war-2015-fighting-rages-between-houthi-militants-and-hadi-loyalists-backed-by-saudi-led-coalition-forces-along-yemen-s-red-s.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-re.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
