### [2008-12-15](/news/2008/12/15/index.md)

#  Hundreds of thousands of houses in Maine, Massachusetts, New York, and New Hampshire are left without electricity after an ice storm. 

Officials are telling some customers in northern New England that they may not get their power restored until the weekend.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/16/us/16ice.html)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration ban: The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Massachusetts, New York State_
2. [Heavy snowfall and blizzard conditions hit the northeastern United States days after a bad storm with between 15 and 17 inches of snow reported in Massachusetts and Maine. ](/news/2014/02/16/heavy-snowfall-and-blizzard-conditions-hit-the-northeastern-united-states-days-after-a-bad-storm-with-between-15-and-17-inches-of-snow-repor.md) _Context: Maine, Massachusetts_
3. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: Massachusetts, New York State_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: New Hampshire, New York State_
5. [Economy of the United States: New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: New York State_
6. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [A car crash at an auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, kills at least three and injures nine, two critically. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-car-crash-at-an-auto-auction-in-billerica-massachusetts-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-nine-two-critically.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State_
10. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York State_
