### [2013-06-26](/news/2013/06/26/index.md)

# Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. 

KEVIN Rudd said he resumes the task he began in 2007 &quot;with humility&quot; and he praised the &quot;extraordinary intelligence&quot; of Julia Gillard who had been &quot;a remarkable reformer.&quot;


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/national-news/federal-election/labor-leadership-live-kevin-rudd-returns-julia-gillard-loses-support-of-partyroom/story-fnho52ip-1226669921693)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard wins a leadership ballot in the Australian Labor Party, defeating former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/27/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-wins-a-leadership-ballot-in-the-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-prime-minister-kevin.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
2. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announces that he will contest the leadership of the Australian Labor Party with current PM Julia Gillard on Monday. ](/news/2012/02/24/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-with-current-pm-julia-gillard-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
3. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard calls for a ballot of a caucus of the Australian Labor Party for Monday as a result of the resignation of Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/23/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-calls-for-a-ballot-of-a-caucus-of-the-australian-labor-party-for-monday-as-a-result-of-the-res.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
4. [Christine Milne, the leader of The Australian Greens, announces that the party has ended its agreement with the Australian Labor Party which led to the formation of the minority government led by Prime Minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/02/19/christine-milne-the-leader-of-the-australian-greens-announces-that-the-party-has-ended-its-agreement-with-the-australian-labor-party-which.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Labor Party_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard announces a Cabinet reshuffle with Bob Carr, a former Premier of New South Wales, appointed as Minister for Foreign Affairs to replace Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-announces-a-cabinet-reshuffle-with-bob-carr-a-former-premier-of-new-south-wales-appointed-as.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd_
6. [Kevin Rudd resigns as Foreign Minister of Australia after alleged "attacks on credibility" by supporters of Prime Minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2012/02/22/kevin-rudd-resigns-as-foreign-minister-of-australia-after-alleged-attacks-on-credibility-by-supporters-of-prime-minister-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd_
7. [Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard announces her new Cabinet, with former PM Kevin Rudd named as the Minister for Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2010/09/11/prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-announces-her-new-cabinet-with-former-pm-kevin-rudd-named-as-the-minister-for-foreign-affairs.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd_
8. [Former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd joins Julia Gillard's election campaign while recovering from gallbladder surgery by attacking the opposition leader Tony Abbott. ](/news/2010/08/5/former-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-joins-julia-gillard-s-election-campaign-while-recovering-from-gallbladder-surgery-by-attacking.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd_
9. [Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd steps down after his leadership is contested following considerable drops in popularity in polls in recent months. Julia Gillard becomes Australia's first female Prime Minister. ](/news/2010/06/24/prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-steps-down-after-his-leadership-is-contested-following-considerable-drops-in-popularity-in-polls-in-r.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd_
10. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
