### [2013-06-26](/news/2013/06/26/index.md)

# Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is formally charged with murder in the US state of Massachusetts more than a week after the body of former semi-professional American football player Odin Lloyd is found near his home. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/26/19152123-former-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-charged-with-murder?lite)

### Related:

1. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged with two counts of murder in relation to a drive-by shooting in Boston's South End district in July 2012. ](/news/2014/05/15/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-charged-with-two-counts-of-murder-in-relation-to-a-drive-by-shooting-in-boston-s-so.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, New England Patriots, tight end_
2. [According to a search warrant unsealed by a court in Bristol, Connecticut, former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, awaiting trial for a 2013 murder, is under investigation by Boston police as a suspect in a 2012 double homicide. ](/news/2014/01/16/according-to-a-search-warrant-unsealed-by-a-court-in-bristol-connecticut-former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-awaiting-t.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, New England Patriots, tight end_
3. [Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez, acquitted last week of a 2012 double murder but serving a life sentence for a 2013 murder, is found hanged in his prison cell, and is pronounced dead an hour later. ](/news/2017/04/19/former-new-england-patriots-player-aaron-hernandez-acquitted-last-week-of-a-2012-double-murder-but-serving-a-life-sentence-for-a-2013-murde.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, New England Patriots_
4. [In American football, a United States appeals court has denied New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's appeal for his role in the Deflategate controversy. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-american-football-a-united-states-appeals-court-has-denied-new-england-patriots-quarterback-tom-brady-s-appeal-for-his-role-in-the-defla.md) _Context: American football, New England Patriots_
5. [Deflategate: In American football, the National Football League finds that two New England Patriots employees intentionally deflated footballs used in the American Football Conference game against the Indianapolis Colts and that quarterback Tom Brady was generally aware of the deflation. ](/news/2015/05/6/deflategate-in-american-football-the-national-football-league-finds-that-two-new-england-patriots-employees-intentionally-deflated-footbal.md) _Context: American football, New England Patriots_
6. [Former American football player Aaron Hernandez is convicted of murder in the first degree in the town of Fall River, Massachusetts. Hernandez shot a former friend Odin Lloyd in 2013. He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole. ](/news/2015/04/15/former-american-football-player-aaron-hernandez-is-convicted-of-murder-in-the-first-degree-in-the-town-of-fall-river-massachusetts-hernand.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, American football_
7. [Super Bowl XLVI:In American football, Super Bowl XLVI is played in Indianapolis with the New York Giants defeating the New England Patriots 21-17. ](/news/2012/02/5/super-bowl-xlvi-pin-american-football-super-bowl-xlvi-is-played-in-indianapolis-with-the-new-york-giants-defeating-the-new-england-patriots.md) _Context: American football, New England Patriots_
8. [ American football:  Super Bowl&nbsp;XXXVI:  New England Patriots 20, St. Louis Rams 17--one of the most astonishing upsets in Super Bowl history.](/news/2002/02/3/american-football-super-bowl-nbsp-xxxvi-new-england-patriots-20-st-louis-rams-17aone-of-the-most-astonishing-upsets-in-super-bowl-h.md) _Context: American football, New England Patriots_
9. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
10. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
