### [2016-07-3](/news/2016/07/3/index.md)

# Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. 

Leader of conservative Les Republicains party announces he will step down as its head, paving the way to enter primaries ahead of 2017 contest


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/03/nicolas-sarkozy-confirms-return-bid-for-french-presidency)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/2994883acf82fa36789e9843e4f2e4fb82f37719/0_0_5995_3596/5995.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=2374af44feed3b03d61cea02a0aa7194)

### Related:

1. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Republican_
2. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Republican_
3. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, President of France, last month's presidential election_
4. [France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, President of France, last month's presidential election_
5. [A second-round runoff takes place in France between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe to decide who will be the Republican presidential candidate in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/11/27/a-second-round-runoff-takes-place-in-france-between-franassois-fillon-and-alain-juppa-c-to-decide-who-will-be-the-republican-presidential-cand.md) _Context: France, Republican, last month's presidential election_
6. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-officially-declares-his-candidacy-for-president-in-2017.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, last month's presidential election_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
