### [2016-07-3](/news/2016/07/3/index.md)

# Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. 




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/philippine-police-kill-10/2925508.html)

### Related:

1. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-u.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, addicts, drug war, illegal drug_
2. [Philippine Drug War: After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/philippine-drug-war-after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
3. [Philippine Drug War: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding -corrupt- officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-drug-war-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-corrupt-officers.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
4. [Philippine Drug War: Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/philippine-drug-war-datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
5. [Philippine Drug War: President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. ](/news/2016/08/7/philippine-drug-war-president-rodrigo-duterte-releases-a-list-of-politicians-police-officers-and-military-personnel-allegedly-involved-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
6. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-inte.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war, human rights violations_
7. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. ](/news/2016/07/8/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-the-left-wing-political-party-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-which-is-part-of-the-curren.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war, human rights violations_
8. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Dozens of petty criminals and alleged drug addicts die in the Philippines within a few days after Rodrigo Duterte took the presidency. He actively encouraged extrajudicial killing of drug addicts and petty criminals before and after the election. ](/news/2016/07/5/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-dozens-of-petty-criminals-and-alleged-drug-addicts-die-in-the-philippines-within-a-few.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war, human rights violations_
9. [Philippine Drug War: At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/philippine-drug-war-at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecuti.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, drug war_
10. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
