### [2016-07-3](/news/2016/07/3/index.md)

# Rescue workings in Russia's Irkutsk Oblast discover the remains of a Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane which went missing last Friday after going on a firefighting mission. Six people have been killed in the crash. 

At least eight people have died after a Russian plane on a fire-fighting mission crashed in Siberia, Russian news agencies reported on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-crash-idUSKCN0ZJ0DF)

### Related:

1. [A wildfire destroys almost the entire town of Santa Olga in Chile's central Maule Region as a Russian firefighting Ilyushin Il-76 arrives to help fight the worst wildfire in Chile's modern history. ](/news/2017/01/27/a-wildfire-destroys-almost-the-entire-town-of-santa-olga-in-chile-s-central-maule-region-as-a-russian-firefighting-ilyushin-il-76-arrives-to.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76, Russia_
2. [At least 8 people are killed when a Russian Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane bound for Khartoum, Sudan, crashes minutes after take off in a residential area of Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2010/11/28/at-least-8-people-are-killed-when-a-russian-ilyushin-il-76-cargo-plane-bound-for-khartoum-sudan-crashes-minutes-after-take-off-in-a-reside.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76, Russia_
3. [ The earthquake with a magnitude 9.0 occurred off the southern coast of Lake Baikal. It was felt strongly in Baikalsk and Slyudyanka, two towns in Slyudyansky District, Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. ](/news/2008/08/27/the-earthquake-with-a-magnitude-9-0-occurred-off-the-southern-coast-of-lake-baikal-it-was-felt-strongly-in-baikalsk-and-slyudyanka-two-to.md) _Context: Irkutsk Oblast, Russia_
4. [ An Ilyushin Il-76 crashes minutes after takeoff from Khartoum International Airport. All four Russian crew were killed. It is the second major air crash in the country this week. ](/news/2008/06/30/an-ilyushin-il-76-crashes-minutes-after-takeoff-from-khartoum-international-airport-all-four-russian-crew-were-killed-it-is-the-second-ma.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76, Russia_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
