### [2016-07-3](/news/2016/07/3/index.md)

# The Russian Olympic Committee appeals the ban of its track and field team from participating in the upcoming summer Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), because of large scale doping, with the Court of Arbitration for Sport. A hearing on the case will take place on July 19. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-appeals-olympic-track-ban/27835550.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian track and field athlete Mariya Savinova is banned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport from partaking in any sporting events for four years and is stripped of her gold medal that she won in the 800 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics for doping between 2010 and 2013. ](/news/2017/02/10/russian-track-and-field-athlete-mariya-savinova-is-banned-by-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-from-partaking-in-any-sporting-events-for-fo.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, track and field_
2. [The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. ](/news/2016/08/4/the-international-olympic-committee-rules-that-271-of-the-389-athletes-nominated-by-the-russian-olympic-committee-will-be-eligible-to-partic.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russian Olympic Committee_
3. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Court of Arbitration for Sport_
4. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russian Olympic Committee_
5. [ The Court of Arbitration for Sport overturns the IAAF's decision to ban South African double-amputee runner Oscar Pistorius from its competitions, thus clearing the way for him to attempt to become the first leg amputee to participate in the Olympic Games. ](/news/2008/05/16/the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-overturns-the-iaaf-s-decision-to-ban-south-african-double-amputee-runner-oscar-pistorius-from-its-compet.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, International Association of Athletics Federations_
6. [Contractors and suppliers for the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games claim they are owed millions in unpaid debts. ](/news/2016/11/28/contractors-and-suppliers-for-the-rio-de-janeiro-olympic-games-claim-they-are-owed-millions-in-unpaid-debts.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
7. [French swimmer Camille Lacourt accuses Chinese swimmer Sun Yang of doping, saying "he pisses purple", while American swimmer Michael Phelps says "something needs to be done" to prevent doping from infiltrating swimming. ](/news/2016/08/9/french-swimmer-camille-lacourt-accuses-chinese-swimmer-sun-yang-of-doping-saying-he-pisses-purple-while-american-swimmer-michael-phelps.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
8. [ After the men's 400-metre freestyle final of the 2016 Summer Olympics, Australian gold medalist Mack Horton says Chinese silver medalist Sun Yang is a "drug cheat", referring to Sun's three-month doping ban in 2014; Chinese netizens have swarmed Horton's online pages to demand an apology; Chinese state media has since called Horton "immoral" and described Australia as a former "offshore prison". ](/news/2016/08/7/after-the-men-s-400-metre-freestyle-final-of-the-2016-summer-olympics-australian-gold-medalist-mack-horton-says-chinese-silver-medalist-su.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
9. [Anita Wlodarczyk of Poland breaks her own hammer throw world record, set earlier this month at the Rio Olympics, by close to 3/4 meter, with a throw of 82.98 meters at the Kamila Skolimowska Memorial in Warsaw. ](/news/2016/08/28/anita-waodarczyk-of-poland-breaks-her-own-hammer-throw-world-record-set-earlier-this-month-at-the-rio-olympics-by-close-to-a3-4-meter-with.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
10. [An Olympics aerial camera and its cables fall sixty-five feet, injuring seven people. ](/news/2016/08/15/an-olympics-aerial-camera-and-its-cables-fall-sixty-five-feet-injuring-seven-people.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
