### [2012-04-14](/news/2012/04/14/index.md)

# Iran and world powers, including the United States, Russia, and China, begin talks about Iran's nuclear program. 

The decision to hold a new round of talks on May 23 appeared to reflect what officials saw as a serious commitment from Iran.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/15/world/europe/iran-begins-nuclear-talks-with-six-nations.html)

### Related:

1. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: China, Iran, Russia, United States, nuclear scientist_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, Iran, Russia, United States_
3. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: China, Iran, Russia, United States_
4. [China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and United States urge Iran to co-operate with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2012/05/3/china-france-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-urge-iran-to-co-operate-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: China, Iran, Russia, United States_
5. [ The leaders of Russia, China and Iran use the forum of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation to warn the United States not to become too heavily involved in Central Asia. ](/news/2007/08/16/the-leaders-of-russia-china-and-iran-use-the-forum-of-the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-to-warn-the-united-states-not-to-become-too-he.md) _Context: China, Iran, Russia, United States_
6. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: China, Russia, United States_
8. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Russia, United States_
9. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear scientist_
10. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday. Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-resch.md) _Context: China, Russia, United States_
