### [2013-04-10](/news/2013/04/10/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea shuts down tourism from China as nuclear tensions mount, but business travel is allowed to continue. 

The biggest border crossing between North Korea and China has been closed to tourist groups, a Chinese official says, as nuclear tensions mounted, but business travel was allowed to continue.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Brisbane Times](http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/world/north-korea-closes-china-border-to-tourists-20130410-2hkpv.html)
2. [AFP via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/s-korea-raises-alert/633702.html)
3. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/northkorea/2013/04/10/49/0401000000AEN20130410007352320F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [China's Ministry of Commerce suspends all coal imports from North Korea until the end of 2017, as part of international sanctions against North Korea over its ballistic missile program. ](/news/2017/02/18/china-s-ministry-of-commerce-suspends-all-coal-imports-from-north-korea-until-the-end-of-2017-as-part-of-international-sanctions-against-no.md) _Context: China, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:The Bank of China halts business with a North Korean bank accused by the United States of financing Pyongyang's missile and nuclear programs. ](/news/2013/05/7/2013-korean-crisis-pthe-bank-of-china-halts-business-with-a-north-korean-bank-accused-by-the-united-states-of-financing-pyongyang-s-missile.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
3. [2013 Korean crisis: North Korea vows to retain and improve its nuclear arsenal, and to additionally develop a civilian nuclear power program. ](/news/2013/03/31/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-vows-to-retain-and-improve-its-nuclear-arsenal-and-to-additionally-develop-a-civilian-nuclear-power-program.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
4. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report  that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on  the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-tested-near-the-city-of-sinpo-on-the.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
