### [2013-04-10](/news/2013/04/10/index.md)

# An Arabian camel gifted to President of France Francois Hollande for liberating Mali is killed and stewed by a family in Timbuktu, in whose care Hollande had left it. 

With his pledge to create a morally irreproachable republic in tatters over a ministerial tax fraud scandal, Fran&ccedil;ois Hollande has already had to eat his hat. Now, it emerges, someone else has eaten his camel.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/francois-hollande/9978635/Francois-Hollandes-camel-eaten-in-Mali.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02529/hollande-camel_2529868k.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-ministe.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
2. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
3. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
4. [French actresses Marion Cotillard and Melanie Laurent, and French President Francois Hollande begin their two-day state visit to the Philippines, where they are to discuss climate change. ](/news/2015/02/26/french-actresses-marion-cotillard-and-ma-c-lanie-laurent-and-french-president-franassois-hollande-begin-their-two-day-state-visit-to-the-phili.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
5. [Seven French tourists are kidnapped by gunmen near Waza National Park in northern Cameroon, near the border with Nigeria. President of France Francois Hollande states that the Islamist group Boko Haram may be responsible. ](/news/2013/02/19/seven-french-tourists-are-kidnapped-by-gunmen-near-waza-national-park-in-northern-cameroon-near-the-border-with-nigeria-president-of-franc.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [The President of France Nicolas Sarkozy confirms that Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb has executed Michel Germaneau, a French hostage taken in Mali. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-confirms-that-al-qaeda-organization-in-the-islamic-maghreb-has-executed-michel-germaneau-a-french-h.md) _Context: France, Mali, President of France_
8. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, President of France_
9. [France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, President of France_
10. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
