### [2013-04-10](/news/2013/04/10/index.md)

# The Parliament of the United Kingdom gather for a special session to debate the legacy of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/british-lawmakers-gather/633642.html)

### Related:

1. [Death of Margaret Thatcher:Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister, dies of a stroke at the age of 87 in London. ](/news/2013/04/8/death-of-margaret-thatcher-pmargaret-thatcher-former-british-prime-minister-dies-of-a-stroke-at-the-age-of-87-in-london.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
2. [Funeral of Margaret Thatcher:The former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's ceremonial funeral is held in London. ](/news/2013/04/17/funeral-of-margaret-thatcher-pthe-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-ceremonial-funeral-is-held-in-london.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
3. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
4. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: British Parliament, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
5. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
6. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
7. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: British Parliament, United Kingdom_
8. [After much speculation British Prime Minister  Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-the-united-kingdom-will-be-leaving-the-european-single-market.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
9. [Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-march-2017-as-the-deadline-for-triggering-article-50-and-says-that-her-gove.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
10. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: British Parliament, Prime Minster_
