### [2010-05-12](/news/2010/05/12/index.md)

# Afriqiyah Airways Flight 771 arriving from South Africa en route to London crashes at Tripoli airport, Libya, killing 104 people; a 10-year-old child is the sole survivor. 

Minister says Dutch child is the sole survivor as up to 103 people are killed at Tripoli airport.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5h4olBn5MsRXoRA5Bc8r5hGloVunQ)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/05/2010512731621627.html)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/8676758.stm)

### Related:

1. [ A plane carrying South African Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe back from an African Union summit in Tripoli, Libya makes an emergency landing on an unlit runway in northern Congo after missing a fuel stop. ](/news/2009/09/1/a-plane-carrying-south-african-deputy-president-kgalema-motlanthe-back-from-an-african-union-summit-in-tripoli-libya-makes-an-emergency-la.md) _Context: Libya, South Africa, Tripoli_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
3. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
5. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
6. [ Libyan Civil War. Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/libyan-civil-war-rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
7. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
8. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present). The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A car-bomb kills five guards at a checkpoint east of the Libyan capital, Tripoli. ](/news/2015/11/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-kills-five-guards-at-a-checkpoint-east-of-the-libyan-capital-tripoli.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A Libyan helicopter carrying cash for a local bank on the way out and returning to Tripoli with passengers is shot down near the coastal Almaya area west of the capital city, killing at least 14 of its 23 passengers including senior officers Hosein Bodaya and Duhain Al-Rammah, officials with Libya-s Dawn militias. ](/news/2015/10/27/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-helicopter-carrying-cash-for-a-local-bank-on-the-way-out-and-returning-to-tripoli-with-passenger.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
