### [2010-05-12](/news/2010/05/12/index.md)

# Philippine general election, 2010: Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]: Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]




### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. ](/news/2016/02/9/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-campaign-period-for-the-election-begins-in-what-international-media-dubs-as-a-cliffhanger-betw.md) _Context: Jejomar Binay, Mar Roxas_
2. [Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos visits the detained ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and criticizes the current President Benigno Aquino III as "cruel, unjust". ](/news/2014/01/23/former-philippine-first-lady-imelda-marcos-visits-the-detained-ex-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-criticizes-the-current-president-ben.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Imelda Marcos_
3. [Former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested in hospital on new charges of allegedly misusing state funds while in office. ](/news/2012/10/4/former-philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-is-arrested-in-hospital-on-new-charges-of-allegedly-misusing-state-funds-while-in-office.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine_
4. [A minibus collides with a truck in the northern Philippine province of Ilocos Norte, killing at least 10 people. ](/news/2012/10/2/a-minibus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-northern-philippine-province-of-ilocos-norte-killing-at-least-10-people.md) _Context: Ilocos Norte, Philippine_
5. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo announces she will run for Congress. ](/news/2009/11/30/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-announces-she-will-run-for-congress.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine general election, 2010_
6. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo steps down as head of the ruling Lakas-Kampi-CMD party and endorses her former defense minister Gilberto Teodoro for President. ](/news/2009/11/19/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-steps-down-as-head-of-the-ruling-lakas-kampi-cmd-party-and-endorses-her-former-defense-ministe.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine_
7. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo survives the 2005 political crisis as the plenary session of the House of Representatives of the Philippines dropped the impeachment complaint filed against her. ](/news/2005/09/6/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-survives-the-2005-political-crisis-as-the-plenary-session-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-t.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, lower house of the Philippine Congress_
8. [Impeachment in the Philippines: Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. ](/news/2017/08/2/impeachment-in-the-philippines-two-impeachment-complaints-are-filed-in-the-lower-house-of-the-philippine-congress-against-supreme-court-chi.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
9. [Marawi crisis: Philippine forces continue to battle Maute militants for the city of Marawi. ](/news/2017/05/29/marawi-crisis-philippine-forces-continue-to-battle-maute-militants-for-the-city-of-marawi.md) _Context: Philippine_
10. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo defends her fellow Liberal party-mate Leila de Lima who was arrested for alleged drug trafficking. Robredo calls de Lima's arrest political harassment. ](/news/2017/02/24/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-defends-her-fellow-liberal-party-mate-leila-de-lima-who-was-arrested-for-alleged-drug-trafficking-ro.md) _Context: Philippine_
