### [2010-05-12](/news/2010/05/12/index.md)

# Spain's Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces wage cuts for state employees and a reduction in investment in response to his country's budget deficit. 

Prime minister unveils plans to cut wages of state employees to tackle budget deficit.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/05/2010512132736708736.html)

### Related:

1. [ Photographs of Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero and his family are published in the United States and subsequently published on the front pages of newspapers in his home country. A controversy occurs as many Spaniards have never before seen the children of the intensely private Prime Minister. ](/news/2009/09/25/photographs-of-spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-and-his-family-are-published-in-the-united-states-and-subsequently-publi.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister, Spanish_
2. [Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-people-s-party-pp-we-say-no-t.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spanish_
3. [Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-event-in-the-city-of-pontevedra.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spanish_
4. [The Catalan Parliament  passes a resolution calling for  the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-sa.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spanish_
5. [The Prime Minister of Spain Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero dissolves the Cortes Generales and calls a general election for November 20. ](/news/2011/09/26/the-prime-minister-of-spain-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-dissolves-the-cortes-generales-and-calls-a-general-election-for-november-20.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
6. [Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero reshuffles his cabinet in a move to strengthen his government. ](/news/2010/10/20/spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-reshuffles-his-cabinet-in-a-move-to-strengthen-his-government.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Spanish_
7. [Aftermath of the Spanish police  in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. ](/news/2017/08/18/aftermath-of-the-spanish-police-in-the-coastal-town-of-cambrils-kill-five-suspected-terrorists-in-a-counter-terror-operation-to-stop-a-seco.md) _Context: Spanish_
8. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
10. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spanish_
