### [2005-02-16](/news/2005/02/16/index.md)

#  Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), states there is no evidence to suggest Iran is developing nuclear weapons. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A27319-2005Feb15.html)

### Related:

1. [ The head of IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, says the agency cannot be sure "about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities" in Iran. ](/news/2007/11/22/the-head-of-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-the-agency-cannot-be-sure-about-the-absence-of-undeclared-nuclear-material-and-activities-in-ir.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Mohamed ElBaradei_
2. [ The UN International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei share the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts to limit the spread of atomic weapons. ](/news/2005/10/7/the-un-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-share-the-2005-nobel-peace-prize-for-their-efforts-to.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, nuclear weapon_
3. [ Iran has informed the International Atomic Energy Agency that it plans to convert 37 tons (33,600 kg) of yellowcake uranium into uranium hexafluoride&mdash;estimated to be enough for five nuclear weapons. ](/news/2004/09/1/iran-has-informed-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-that-it-plans-to-convert-37-tons-33-600-kg-of-yellowcake-uranium-into-uranium-he.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
4. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency accuses Iran of "less than satisfactory" cooperation during the IAEA's investigation of its nuclear program. ElBaradei demands "accelerated and proactive cooperation" from Iran, while Iran rejects further restrictions on nuclear programs. ](/news/2004/06/14/mohamed-elbaradei-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-accuses-iran-of-less-than-satisfactory-cooperation-during-t.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Mohamed ElBaradei_
5. [ Iran will reallow the entry of UN nuclear inspectors after March 27, says International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei. ](/news/2004/03/15/iran-will-reallow-the-entry-of-un-nuclear-inspectors-after-march-27-says-international-atomic-energy-agency-chief-mohamed-elbaradei.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Mohamed ElBaradei_
6. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
7. [ Nuclear Weapons: Iran remains defiant about nuclear program. Iran states it will not give up its nuclear program (including uranium enrichment). The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) have given Iran until October 31 to prove it has no secret nuclear arms program and told it to halt enrichment activities. Iran states international pressure will not deter its nuclear plans.](/news/2003/09/28/nuclear-weapons-iran-remains-defiant-about-nuclear-program-iran-states-it-will-not-give-up-its-nuclear-program-including-uranium-enrichm.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
8. [ Nuclear Weapons: Secretary of the Guardian Council Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a leading hardline Iranian cleric, calls for Iran to withdrawal from Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty because of the compliance protocols referred to by the International Atomic Energy Agency and not consent to unfettered inspections of its nuclear facilities. "The treaty has been denounced by a number of countries. Although Iran has inked the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, it is free to withdraw from it anytime". "North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. Many countries have not even signed it. It would have been better if Iran had not signed it."](/news/2003/09/19/nuclear-weapons-secretary-of-the-guardian-council-ayatollah-ahmad-jannati-a-leading-hardline-iranian-cleric-calls-for-iran-to-withdrawal.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
9. [ The Arab League submits a draft resolution to the annual General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency which calls on Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to open up its nuclear program to inspections by the United Nations. Israel's nuclear weapons program is believed have developed 100 to 200 nuclear warheads, but officially maintains a policy of "nuclear ambiguity" with support from the United States. The move by Arab nations comes in response to a Friday IAEA resolution submitted by Australia, Canada and Japan and lobbied for by the United States which asked Iran for "accelerated cooperation" and set an October 31 deadline for the country to disclose any attempts to acquire nuclear weapons.](/news/2003/09/17/the-arab-league-submits-a-draft-resolution-to-the-annual-general-conference-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-which-calls-on-israel.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
10. [ U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei reiterates a statement he made on March 31, to which the United States has yet to respond, that only the UN IAEA has a mandate to search out and destroy any nuclear weapons or parts of a nuclear weapons program found in Iraq.](/news/2003/04/8/u-n-international-atomic-energy-agency-chief-mohamed-elbaradei-reiterates-a-statement-he-made-on-march-31-to-which-the-united-states-has.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, nuclear weapon_
