### [2009-03-29](/news/2009/03/29/index.md)

#  Home Secretary Jacqui Smith will recompense the United Kingdom's government for her husband's purchase of pornographic films through her expense account. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7970731.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Britain will face widespread power cuts and rationing of energy in 2019 for the first time since the 1970s, according to Her Majesty's Government. ](/news/2009/08/31/britain-will-face-widespread-power-cuts-and-rationing-of-energy-in-2019-for-the-first-time-since-the-1970s-according-to-her-majesty-s-gove.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
2. [ United Kingdom Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces her resignation. ](/news/2009/06/2/united-kingdom-home-secretary-jacqui-smith-announces-her-resignation.md) _Context: Britain, Jacqui Smith_
3. [ Her Majesty's Government reveals the names of 16 of the 22 people banned from entering the United Kingdom. ](/news/2009/05/5/her-majesty-s-government-reveals-the-names-of-16-of-the-22-people-banned-from-entering-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
4. [ Her Majesty's Government will allow retired Gurkhas who served in the Armed Forces to settle in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2009/05/21/her-majesty-s-government-will-allow-retired-gurkhas-who-served-in-the-armed-forces-to-settle-in-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
5. [ The United Kingdom's new government budget will increase borrowing and tax high-income earners to 50%. ](/news/2009/04/22/the-united-kingdom-s-new-government-budget-will-increase-borrowing-and-tax-high-income-earners-to-50.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
6. [ The United Kingdom's government increases its ownership stake in Lloyds Banking Group from 43% to at least 60%. ](/news/2009/03/7/the-united-kingdom-s-government-increases-its-ownership-stake-in-lloyds-banking-group-from-43-to-at-least-60.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
7. [ The United Kingdom Information Tribunal orders Her Majesty's Government to release the minutes of Cabinet discussions regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2009/01/27/the-united-kingdom-information-tribunal-orders-her-majesty-s-government-to-release-the-minutes-of-cabinet-discussions-regarding-the-2003-in.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
8. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jacqui Smith_
9. [ British police arrest Abu Izzadeen, the spokesman for al Ghurabaa, an organization the British government has designated as terrorist, on charges of inciting terrorism. ](/news/2007/02/8/british-police-arrest-abu-izzadeen-the-spokesman-for-al-ghurabaa-an-organization-the-british-government-has-designated-as-terrorist-on-c.md) _Context: Britain, His Majesty's Government_
10. [Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave-in-britain.md) _Context: Britain_
