### [2005-02-22](/news/2005/02/22/index.md)

#  In Bolivia, former president Gonzalo Snchez de Lozada and his cabinet are formally charged with genocide. The charge is related to deaths of 60 people who protested against government plans to export natural gas 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4285803.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia's chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for "contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts." Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. ](/news/2006/06/24/current-bolivian-minister-of-hydrocarbons-andra-c-s-soliz-rada-asks-boliviaas-chief-prosecutor-to-issue-charges-against-former-heads-of-enr.md) _Context: Bolivia, genocide_
2. [ Newly elected President Evo Morales orders the nationalization of Bolivia's gas industry. This process is a result of his plan to nationalize major industries, he said in his election campaign. Further nationalizations are planned in forestry and mining. ](/news/2006/05/2/newly-elected-president-evo-morales-orders-the-nationalization-of-bolivia-s-gas-industry-this-process-is-a-result-of-his-plan-to-nationali.md) _Context: Bolivia, natural gas_
3. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: natural gas_
5. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: genocide_
6. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
7. [Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-security-council-replacing-angola-malaysia-new-z.md) _Context: Bolivia_
8. [Bolivia's aviation authority suspends the operating license of LaMia. Investigation into the crash in Colombia, which killed 71 people, continues. ](/news/2016/12/1/bolivia-s-aviation-authority-suspends-the-operating-license-of-lamia-investigation-into-the-crash-in-colombia-which-killed-71-people-cont.md) _Context: Bolivia_
9. [A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: genocide_
10. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
