### [2012-09-18](/news/2012/09/18/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: 132 inmates escape from a prison in the city of Piedras Negras, Coahuila, directly across the U.S-Mexico border with Eagle Pass, Texas, by digging a tunnel underground. The authorities have yet to determine which drug gang was responsible for the jailbreak. 

Officials have found three inmates thought to have escaped through a tunnel at a northern Mexico border prison on Monday. The number of still-escaped prisoners now stands at 129.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/09/another-mass-prison-break-in-mexico.html)
2. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2012/09/18/132-inmates-escape-from-mexican-border-prison-officials-say/)

### Related:

1. [ At least ten people are killed and 120 injured as a severe storm hits the twin towns of Eagle Pass, Texas, and Piedras Negras, Coahuila, on the  U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2007/04/24/at-least-ten-people-are-killed-and-120-injured-as-a-severe-storm-hits-the-twin-towns-of-eagle-pass-texas-and-piedras-negras-coahuila-on.md) _Context: Eagle Pass, Texas, Piedras Negras, Coahuila_
2. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
4. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination  of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination-of-temixco-more.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by ''Rolling Stone'' magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october-meeting-and-inter.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
