### [2004-08-15](/news/2004/08/15/index.md)

#  1,300 Iraqi delegates begin a three-day conference in Baghdad to select an interim National Assembly. The area of the conference is attacked by mortars, which kill one person and wound 17. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5977984)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4064609.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http:--www.reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http:--www.reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-WORLD-europe-12-03-german.arrests-index.html (CNN)][http:--www.spiegel.de-politik-deutschland-0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mortar_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mortar_
3. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
4. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
5. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
