### [2016-07-10](/news/2016/07/10/index.md)

# The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. 

Middle East countries tell citizens to be careful around demonstrations following recent police shootings of black men.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/07/uae-bahrain-warn-citizens-headed-protests-160710115245331.html)

### Related:

1. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: United States, the Bahamas, the shooting of Dallas police officers_
2. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
3. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
4. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it is ready to deploy ground troops to Syria as part of an international coalition to fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, if said coalition was led by the United States. ](/news/2016/02/7/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-says-it-is-ready-to-deploy-ground-troops-to-syria-as-part-of-an-international-coalition-to-fight-against-the.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, United States_
5. [Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-avoid-travel-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Four American journalists are charged by Bahrain for  "unlawful obstruction of vehicles and attending unlawful gatherings." The state-run Bahrain News Agency said all were released "pending further investigations." Freelance reporter Anna Day and a film crew, who were covering the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring uprisings, are scheduled to fly to Dubai tonight. ](/news/2016/02/16/four-american-journalists-are-charged-by-bahrain-for-unlawful-obstruction-of-vehicles-and-attending-unlawful-gatherings-the-state-run-ba.md) _Context: Bahrain, United States_
7. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
8. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, United States_
9. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: United States, the Bahamas_
10. [The Iranian navy assists an American cargo ship that was attacked by pirates off the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2012/05/23/the-iranian-navy-assists-an-american-cargo-ship-that-was-attacked-by-pirates-off-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates, United States_
