### [2016-07-10](/news/2016/07/10/index.md)

# Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. 

TV exit polls show Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has won the two-thirds &quot;super majority&quot; needed to try to revise Japan&#039;s post-war constitution.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-10/abe-set-to-win-majority-in-upper-house-election-nhk)
2. [AP via Crossroads Today](http://www.crossroadstoday.com/story/32409632/japan-coalition-scores-bigger-than-expected-election-win)
3. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2016/07/10/voting-starts-japan)

### Related:

1. [Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is  elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former  Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's  Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-elected-the-tokyo-prefecture-s-first-female-gover.md) _Context: Komeito, Liberal Democratic Party_
2. [Japanese House of Representatives by-elections, 2016: By-elections were held for two seats controlled by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. [http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/04/24/national/politics-diplomacy/voting-under-way-for-lower-house-seats-in-hokkaido-kyoto/ (''Japan Times'')]Hokkaido 5th district by-election, 2016: LDP candidate Yoshiaki Wada staved off the competition from independent candidate Maki Ikeda. Despite the LDP's winning margin decreasing from 14% (in 2014) to 2%, this win is seen as a boost for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the upcoming upper house election.Kyoto 3rd district by-election, 2016: The newly formed Democratic Party wrested back the seat from the LDP after their candidate and former MP for the district Kenta Izumi won by a landslide.](/news/2016/04/24/japanese-house-of-representatives-by-elections-2016-by-elections-were-held-for-two-seats-controlled-by-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Japanese House of Councillors election, 2016, Liberal Democratic Party_
3. [Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-junior-coalition-partner-win-325.md) _Context: Komeito, Liberal Democratic Party_
4. [ Japan's Prime Minister-elect Yukio Hatoyama proposes a 25% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, up from 8% by the outgoing administration. ](/news/2009/09/7/japan-s-prime-minister-elect-yukio-hatoyama-proposes-a-25-cut-in-greenhouse-gas-emissions-by-2020-up-from-8-by-the-outgoing-administrati.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
5. [ Japan's Liberal Democratic Party elects Sadakazu Tanigaki to replace Taro Aso. ](/news/2009/09/28/japan-s-liberal-democratic-party-elects-sadakazu-tanigaki-to-replace-taro-aso.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
6. [ Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008: Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party chooses former Foreign Minister of Japan Taro Aso as the next Prime Minister of Japan replacing Yasuo Fukuda. ](/news/2008/09/22/liberal-democratic-party-japan-leadership-election-2008-japan-s-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-chooses-former-foreign-minister-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
7. [ Yasuo Fukuda, a political moderate, is elected by Japan's governing Liberal Democratic Party to become the country's next prime minister. ](/news/2007/09/23/yasuo-fukuda-a-political-moderate-is-elected-by-japanas-governing-liberal-democratic-party-to-become-the-countryas-next-prime-ministe.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
8. [ Norihiko Akagi resigns as Japan's agriculture minister after scandals involving him adversely affected the Liberal Democratic Party's performance in the Japanese House of Councillors election, 2007. ](/news/2007/08/1/norihiko-akagi-resigns-as-japan-s-agriculture-minister-after-scandals-involving-him-adversely-affected-the-liberal-democratic-party-s-perfo.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
9. [ Japanese voters go to the polls for elections for half of the House of Councillors. The ruling coalition of the Liberal Democratic Party and New Komeito Party lost seats with the opposition Democratic Party of Japan becoming the largest party in the chamber. ](/news/2007/07/29/japanese-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-elections-for-half-of-the-house-of-councillors-the-ruling-coalition-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-an.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
10. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
