### [2006-03-8](/news/2006/03/8/index.md)

#  Iran threatens 'harm and pain' against the United States for its role in putting Iran before the United Nations Security Council. 




### Source:

1. [Channel 4 News](http://www.channel4.com/news/content/news-storypage.jsp?id=584357)

### Related:

1. [Iran and weapons of mass destruction: Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/iran-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-o.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
2. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Nuclear program of Iran: The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
5. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action: The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves the Nuclear Pact between Iran and a group of six world powers in return for sanctions relief. ](/news/2015/07/20/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-the-nuclear-pact-between-iran-and-a-group-of-si.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
6. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United Nations Security Council reports that Iran is buying foreign banks and money-exchange bureaus to sidestep economic sanctions. ](/news/2011/06/12/the-united-nations-security-council-reports-that-iran-is-buying-foreign-banks-and-money-exchange-bureaus-to-sidestep-economic-sanctions.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
8. [A United Nations report suggests North Korea has supplied Burma, Iran and Syria with nuclear technology, in violation of United Nations sanctions. China had previously blocked the report from reaching the UN Security Council. ](/news/2010/11/9/a-united-nations-report-suggests-north-korea-has-supplied-burma-iran-and-syria-with-nuclear-technology-in-violation-of-united-nations-sanc.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
9. [Nigeria reports Iran to the United Nations Security Council over the seizure of a shipment of weapons. ](/news/2010/11/16/nigeria-reports-iran-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-the-seizure-of-a-shipment-of-weapons.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Nigeria is to question an Iranian citizen over a shipment of arms seized in Lagos, warning that it could report Iran to the United Nations Security Council if sanctions had been breached. ](/news/2010/11/12/nigeria-is-to-question-an-iranian-citizen-over-a-shipment-of-arms-seized-in-lagos-warning-that-it-could-report-iran-to-the-united-nations-s.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
