### [2006-03-8](/news/2006/03/8/index.md)

#  The Government of Chad renews accusations of Sudanese support for attacks by the UFDC into eastern Chad, despite the recent signing of the Tripoli Accord and the successful formation of the ministerial committee. Sudan has accused Chad of supporting ARFWS rebels in the past, and Chad is believed to have stepped up support in light of recent attacks. 




### Source:

1. [AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L08663643.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The governments of Chad and Sudan sign an accord officially ending the Chadian-Sudanese conflict. The deal has many provisions similar to that of the Tripoli Accord, which Sudan has violated four times by aiding Janjaweed, UFDC, and anti-Boziz rebels and genocidaires. ](/news/2006/07/26/the-governments-of-chad-and-sudan-sign-an-accord-officially-ending-the-chadian-sudanese-conflict-the-deal-has-many-provisions-similar-to-t.md) _Context: Tripoli Accord, UFDC, second Dby administration_
2. [ Chad:: FUC spokesman Albissaty Saleh Allazam announces that none of the eight organizational members that make up the Chadian rebel alliance will end attacks on the Dby administration despite the recent peace deal between ARFWS and the Government of Sudan. ](/news/2006/05/13/chad-fuc-spokesman-albissaty-saleh-allazam-announces-that-none-of-the-eight-organizational-members-that-make-up-the-chadian-rebel-allianc.md) _Context: ARFWS, UFDC, second Dby administration_
3. [ UFDC rebels attack the Chadian city of Ade and battle the Military of Chad. Both the UFDC and the Dby administration claim to have control over the city, stating that opposing forces have fled. ](/news/2006/07/4/ufdc-rebels-attack-the-chadian-city-of-ade-and-battle-the-military-of-chad-both-the-ufdc-and-the-deby-administration-claim-to-have-control.md) _Context: UFDC, second Dby administration_
4. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Sudan, UFDC_
5. [ The Government of Chad demands that the Security Council act to stop Janjaweed and UFDC incursions into Chad. ](/news/2006/06/21/the-government-of-chad-demands-that-the-security-council-act-to-stop-janjaweed-and-ufdc-incursions-into-chad.md) _Context: UFDC, second Dby administration_
6. [ The Government of the Central African Republic joins the United States Government and the Government of Chad in formally accusing the Government of Sudan of supporting the United Front for Democratic Change rebels and further alleges that UFDC rebels are entering southern Chad through the CAR-Chad-Sudan border area. ](/news/2006/04/30/the-government-of-the-central-african-republic-joins-the-united-states-government-and-the-government-of-chad-in-formally-accusing-the-gover.md) _Context: Sudan, second Dby administration_
7. [ Janjaweed militants cross the Sudanese border into Chad and attack the villages of Boroto, Ade, and Moudaina, killing nine and seriously wounding three others. Chad once again warns Sudan that it will retaliate for attacks by Janjaweed and UFDC rebel attacks. ](/news/2006/01/6/janjaweed-militants-cross-the-sudanese-border-into-chad-and-attack-the-villages-of-boroto-ade-and-moudaina-killing-nine-and-seriously-wo.md) _Context: Sudan, UFDC_
8. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Sudan_
9. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Sudan_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Sudan_
