### [2013-01-1](/news/2013/01/1/index.md)

# Royal Dutch Shell's drilling rig ''Kulluk'' drifts aground near Sitkalidak Island, Alaska, after breaking loose from the anchor handling tug ''Aiviq''. 

Days of efforts trying to guide a mobile offshore drilling rig through stormy Alaska seas hit a crisis Monday night when crew members were forced to disconnect the rig from its last remaining tow...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-shell-kulluk-grounded-20130101,0,7770041.story)
2. [Anchorage Daily News](http://www.adn.com/2012/12/31/2739314/shell-drilling-rig-is-adrift-again.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States cancels two potential Arctic lease sales off Alaska's northern coast, and announces Shell and Statoil current leases will not be extended because of  "current market conditions and low industry interest." ](/news/2015/10/17/the-united-states-cancels-two-potential-arctic-lease-sales-off-alaska-s-northern-coast-and-announces-shell-and-statoil-current-leases-will.md) _Context: Alaska, Royal Dutch Shell_
2. [Royal Dutch Shell halts its drilling program for oil and gas off the coast of Alaska citing high costs and a challenging regulatory environment. ](/news/2015/09/28/royal-dutch-shell-halts-its-drilling-program-for-oil-and-gas-off-the-coast-of-alaska-citing-high-costs-and-a-challenging-regulatory-environm.md) _Context: Alaska, Royal Dutch Shell_
3. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Alaska_
4. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: Alaska_
5. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Alaska_
6. [A volcanic eruption continues on Bogoslof Island near Unalaska, in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. The eruption has impacted air transportation routes. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-volcanic-eruption-continues-on-bogoslof-island-near-unalaska-in-the-aleutian-islands-of-alaska-the-eruption-has-impacted-air-transportat.md) _Context: Alaska_
7. [The chief executive of Royal Dutch Shell, Ben van Beurden, denies the claim that his company's balance sheet contains any assets that will  be "stranded," that is that will have to be written off, due to the Paris Climate Accord. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-chief-executive-of-royal-dutch-shell-ben-van-beurden-denies-the-claim-that-his-company-s-balance-sheet-contains-any-assets-that-will.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
8. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people  from the sinking 220-foot ''Alaska Juris'' fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat.md) _Context: Alaska_
9. [Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says the wildfire has destroyed about  1,600 structures in Fort McMurray,  which is  in Canada's oil sands region. No major oil sands facilities are in the fire's path, though two Royal Dutch Shell mines are closing, and a Suncor Energy facility is reducing crude production. The fire is  threatening the Alberta Highway 63 bridge across the Athabasca River, the  sole route south. The Canadian Red Cross is encouraging people to donate funds rather than clothing. ](/news/2016/05/4/alberta-premier-rachel-notley-says-the-wildfire-has-destroyed-about-1-600-structures-in-fort-mcmurray-which-is-in-canada-s-oil-sands-reg.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
10. [The Niger Delta Avengers militant group destroy gas and oil pipelines belonging to Shell and Agip in Nigeria. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-niger-delta-avengers-militant-group-destroy-gas-and-oil-pipelines-belonging-to-shell-and-agip-in-nigeria.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
