### [2012-05-4](/news/2012/05/4/index.md)

# Boris Johnson is reelected as the Mayor of London for a second term. 

The results confirmed late Friday install him as the host of the upcoming 2012 Olympics.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0512/75941.html)

### Related:

1. [Formation of the May ministry. The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-may-ministry-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
2. [United Kingdom local elections, 2016. London votes Sadiq Khan to succeed Boris Johnson as Mayor of London; Khan is the first Muslim to be elected London's Mayor. ](/news/2016/05/6/united-kingdom-local-elections-2016-london-votes-sadiq-khan-to-succeed-boris-johnson-as-mayor-of-london-khan-is-the-first-muslim-to-be-el.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
4. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. In what is seen as a major boost for the "Vote Leave" campaign, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announces he will be campaigning for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/21/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-in-what-is-seen-as-a-major-boost-for-the-vote-leave-campaign-mayor-of-london-b.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
5. [ The winning design for the replacement of the iconic Routemaster double-decker bus is announced by London mayor Boris Johnson. ](/news/2008/12/21/the-winning-design-for-the-replacement-of-the-iconic-routemaster-double-decker-bus-is-announced-by-london-mayor-boris-johnson.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
6. [ Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson is elected as the Mayor of London replacing Ken Livingstone, capping huge gains by the Conservatives in local elections, which gave them a net gain of 256 council seats and a net gain of 12 city councils. ](/news/2008/05/2/conservative-party-candidate-boris-johnson-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-london-replacing-ken-livingstone-capping-huge-gains-by-the-conservat.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Mayor of London_
7. [Politics of London. The Garden Bridge project is officially abandoned after Mayor of London Sadiq Khan withdraws support. ](/news/2017/08/14/politics-of-london-the-garden-bridge-project-is-officially-abandoned-after-mayor-of-london-sadiq-khan-withdraws-support.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
8. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: Boris Johnson_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: Mayor of London_
10. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Boris Johnson_
