### [2011-06-29](/news/2011/06/29/index.md)

# A wildfire worsens near major U.S. nuclear weapons research lab Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico; residents express concern about contamination. 

Hundreds more firefighters are being deployed to help battle a growing wildfire near a top US nuclear weapons research lab in New Mexico.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-13963361)

### Related:

1. [Las Conchas WildfireThe Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico is temporarily closed due to a wildfire burning nearby. ](/news/2011/06/27/las-conchas-wildfirepthe-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-is-temporarily-closed-due-to-a-wildfire-burning-near.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico, state_
2. [A federal judge in Albuquerque, New Mexico sentences an ex-Los Alamos physicist Pedro Leonardo Mascheroni, who pleaded guilty in 2013 to offering to spy on the US to help Venezuela develop a nuclear weapon, to five years imprisionment. ](/news/2015/01/28/a-federal-judge-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-sentences-an-ex-los-alamos-physicist-pedro-leonardo-mascheroni-who-pleaded-guilty-in-2013-to-off.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico_
3. [Same-sex marriage is legalized in the U.S. state of New Mexico. ](/news/2013/12/19/same-sex-marriage-is-legalized-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
4. [Virgin Group chairman Richard Branson opens the world's first commercial spaceport, Spaceport America, in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The SpaceShipTwo spaceplane is expected to begin commercial flights from the spaceport by 2013. ](/news/2011/10/17/virgin-group-chairman-richard-branson-opens-the-world-s-first-commercial-spaceport-spaceport-america-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-the.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
5. [Los Alamos National Laboratory, a major U.S. nuclear weapons research facility, is shut down and is to remain closed as fire fighters battle a raging wildfire nearby. ](/news/2011/06/28/los-alamos-national-laboratory-a-major-u-s-nuclear-weapons-research-facility-is-shut-down-and-is-to-remain-closed-as-fire-fighters-battle.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, wildfire worsens_
6. [ Virgin Galactic and the U.S. state of New Mexico sign a US$150-250 million agreement to launch sub-orbital commercial space flights at Spaceport America, near Las Cruces and Truth or Consequences. ](/news/2009/01/1/virgin-galactic-and-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-sign-a-us-150-250-million-agreement-to-launch-sub-orbital-commercial-space-flights-at-spac.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
7. [ The governors of the U.S. states of New Mexico and Arizona declare an emergency along their borders with Mexico citing recent violence, and inaction in both the US government and the Mexican government. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/08/17/national/17border.html (NY Times)], [http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/news/articles/0816borderemergency16.html (Arizona Republic)], [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/08/17/wmexi17.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/08/17/ixworld.html (UK Telegraph)].](/news/2005/08/17/the-governors-of-the-u-s-states-of-new-mexico-and-arizona-declare-an-emergency-along-their-borders-with-mexico-citing-recent-violence-and.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
8. [A research team at Los Alamos National Laboratory quantifies the molecular damage inflicted on DNA and discloses that every 50 cigarettes smoked generates an average of one DNA mutation in each lung cell. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-research-team-at-los-alamos-national-laboratory-quantifies-the-molecular-damage-inflicted-on-dna-and-discloses-that-every-50-cigarettes-sm.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory_
9. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: New Mexico_
10. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: state_
