### [2011-06-29](/news/2011/06/29/index.md)

# The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos condemns a FARC ambush that killed a senior police officer. 

Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos condemns an attack by left-wing Farc rebels which has killed a police commander in Antioquia province.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-13967904)

### Related:

1. [Referendum. Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
2. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016. FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
3. [Colombian peace process. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-peace-process-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
4. [Colombian conflict (1964-present). The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and the leader of FARC Timoleon Jimenez will announce a deal on justice for crimes committed in the fifty-year-long conflict. ](/news/2015/09/23/colombian-conflict-1964-present-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-and-the-leader-of-farc-timolea3n-jima-c-nez-will-announce-a.md) _Context: Colombian President, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [Colombian conflict. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombian conflict. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/colombian-conflict-the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [Colombian conflict. The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos announces that he will sign the peace deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC on September 26. ](/news/2016/09/2/colombian-conflict-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-announces-that-he-will-sign-the-peace-deal-with-the-revolutionary-armed-for.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [Colombian conflict. The Eastern Bloc of the FARC-EP, a unit of the FARC rebel group, announces its rejection of the recent ceasefire signed by its leader Timoleon Jimenez and the Colombian government of President Juan Manuel Santos, declaring it will not lay down its arms and demobilize and will continue to fight the government. ](/news/2016/07/7/colombian-conflict-the-eastern-bloc-of-the-farc-ep-a-unit-of-the-farc-rebel-group-announces-its-rejection-of-the-recent-ceasefire-signed.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro and the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos agree to gradually reopen their common border which had been closed following a Venezuelan crackdown on smuggling. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-and-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-agree-to-gradually-reopen-their-common-border-wh.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
