### [2011-06-29](/news/2011/06/29/index.md)

# The Alderney Gambling Control Commission suspends Full Tilt Poker's gaming license prior to a hearing over an indictment by the United States Department of Justice. 




### Source:

1. [Las Vegas Review Journal](http://www.lvrj.com/business/alderney-officials-suspend-fulltilt-poker-s-gaming-license-124704968.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice unseals an indictment charging five people for their alleged involvement in the murder of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry and offers up to $1 million reward for information leading to their arrest. ](/news/2012/07/9/the-united-states-department-of-justice-unseals-an-indictment-charging-five-people-for-their-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-border-pat.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department, indicted_
2. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
3. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
4. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
5. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
6. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
7. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-denies-the-justice-department-s-request-to-stay-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
9. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [ The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger-i.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
