### [2017-03-13](/news/2017/03/13/index.md)

# The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-idUSKBN16K264)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii, Maryland, United States immigration ban_
2. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California, New York_
3. [A second U.S. federal judge, Theodore D. Chuang of Maryland, grants that state's motion for a temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised travel ban. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-second-u-s-federal-judge-theodore-d-chuang-of-maryland-grants-that-state-s-motion-for-a-temporary-restraining-order-on-president-trump.md) _Context: Maryland, United States immigration ban_
4. [San Mateo County, California prosecuters charge an Oregon inmate, Rodney Halbower (who was already serving a 30-year sentence for an attempted murder), with two of the murders from the six 1976 Gypsy Hill killings. ](/news/2015/01/23/san-mateo-county-california-prosecuters-charge-an-oregon-inmate-rodney-halbower-who-was-already-serving-a-30-year-sentence-for-an-attempt.md) _Context: California, Oregon_
5. [New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs New York State's Marriage Equality Law, legalizing same-sex marriage in New York, and making New York the largest U.S. state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/25/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-signs-new-york-state-s-marriage-equality-law-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-and-making-new-york-t.md) _Context: California, New York_
6. [The New York Senate votes to legalise same-sex marriage in New York, assuring passage of the legislation and making New York the largest state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-new-york-senate-votes-to-legalise-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-assuring-passage-of-the-legislation-and-making-new-york-the-largest-sta.md) _Context: California, New York_
7. [ Hundreds of thousands of houses in Maine, Massachusetts, New York, and New Hampshire are left without electricity after an ice storm. ](/news/2008/12/15/hundreds-of-thousands-of-houses-in-maine-massachusetts-new-york-and-new-hampshire-are-left-without-electricity-after-an-ice-storm.md) _Context: Massachusetts, New York_
8. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: California, Massachusetts_
9. [ JetBlue Airways Flight 292 en route to New York from Burbank, California, experiences nose gear malfunctions shortly after takeoff when the nose wheels rotated 90 degrees to the left. The Airbus A320-232 circles Los Angeles to burn off fuel before landing at Los Angeles Airport without serious incident or injury.](/news/2005/09/21/jetblue-airways-flight-292-en-route-to-new-york-from-burbank-california-experiences-nose-gear-malfunctions-shortly-after-takeoff-when-the.md) _Context: California, New York_
10. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
