### [2017-03-13](/news/2017/03/13/index.md)

# Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. 

Threat comes as Dutch ambassador banned from re-entry by Ankara and President Erdoğan repeats nazism jibes after pleas from Brussels to tone down language


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/13/turkey-summons-dutch-envoy-over-riot-police-tactics-in-rotterdam)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/7c452d2081b66d88a91129bedfa7701f1b7493af/0_0_5184_3110/master/5184.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=277f8882b44d85ecf129e9074b095b30)

### Related:

1. [Ebru Umar, a Dutch journalist of Turkish descent, is arrested in Kusadasi, Turkey, for tweets deemed critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. This comes as a political storm erupted this week over reports that the Turkish consulate asked Turkish organizations in the Netherlands to forward emails and social media posts which insult Erdogan or Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/24/ebru-umar-a-dutch-journalist-of-turkish-descent-is-arrested-in-kuaadasa-turkey-for-tweets-deemed-critical-of-president-recep-tayyip-er.md) _Context: Netherlands, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
2. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Ankara, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
3. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
4. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
5. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
6. [Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
7. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
9. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
10. [Hansjorg Haber, the European Union's top envoy to Turkey, resigns effective August. Omer Celik, Turkish Minister of European Union Affairs, had complained that Haber had shown disrespect for Turkey's national values, and for President Tayyip Erdogan. EU officials declined to comment on the reason for Haber's resignation. ](/news/2016/06/14/hansjaprg-haber-the-european-union-s-top-envoy-to-turkey-resigns-effective-august-amer-aelik-turkish-minister-of-european-union-affair.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
