### [2017-03-13](/news/2017/03/13/index.md)

# Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. 

KINSHASA, Congo (AP) — Two United Nations officials, one American and one Swedish, have been kidnapped along with four Congolese in the country&#039;s Kasai Central province, Congo&#039;s government said Monday. Michael Sharp of…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/4f7fee4ace82408f92778ef43bc14637/congo-says-american-swedish-officials-un-kidnapped)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua-luba-community-in-kasaa.md) _Context: Kasai-Central, MONUSCO_
2. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-aroun.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kasai-Central_
3. [Authorities find the remains of two missing U.N. investigators--former Swedish politician Zaida Catalan and U.S. national Michael Sharp--in a shallow grave in the province of Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2017/03/28/authorities-find-the-remains-of-two-missing-u-n-investigatorsaformer-swedish-politician-zaida-catala-n-and-u-s-national-michael-sharpa.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kasai-Central_
4. [The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for-their-citizens-to-avoid-the-sulu-archipelago-in-the-southwestern-philippine.md) _Context: U.S., kidnapped_
5. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Sweden, U.S._
6. [One of the United States's most wanted fugitives, Air Force deserter David A. Hemler, has reportedly been living and working in Stockholm, Sweden, for the past 28 years. ](/news/2012/06/16/one-of-the-united-states-s-most-wanted-fugitives-air-force-deserter-david-a-hemler-has-reportedly-been-living-and-working-in-stockholm-s.md) _Context: Sweden, U.S._
7. [The United Nations extends MONUSCO, its mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, for a thirteenth year, with 5 million people dead so far. ](/news/2011/06/30/the-united-nations-extends-monusco-its-mission-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-for-a-thirteenth-year-with-5-million-people-dead-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, MONUSCO_
8. [Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". ](/news/2010/11/11/iceland-opens-an-inquiry-as-it-emerges-that-its-citizens-may-be-being-spied-on-by-the-united-states-embassy-this-follows-similar-investigat.md) _Context: Sweden, U.S._
9. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Sweden, U.S._
10. [ During a tour of Africa, Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, attacks a Congolese university student for asking about the opinion of her husband Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/10/during-a-tour-of-africa-hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-attacks-a-congolese-university-student-for-asking-about-the.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, U.S._
