### [2017-03-13](/news/2017/03/13/index.md)

# United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-idUSKBN16K264)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration ban. A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/united-states-immigration-ban-a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the.md) _Context: Hawaii, Maryland, United States immigration ban_
2. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: California, Massachusetts, New York State_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: California, New York State_
4. [United States immigration ban. A second U.S. federal judge, Theodore D. Chuang of Maryland, grants that state's motion for a temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised travel ban. ](/news/2017/03/16/united-states-immigration-ban-a-second-u-s-federal-judge-theodore-d-chuang-of-maryland-grants-that-state-s-motion-for-a-temporary-restr.md) _Context: Maryland, United States immigration ban_
5. [San Mateo County, California prosecuters charge an Oregon inmate, Rodney Halbower (who was already serving a 30-year sentence for an attempted murder), with two of the murders from the six 1976 Gypsy Hill killings. ](/news/2015/01/23/san-mateo-county-california-prosecuters-charge-an-oregon-inmate-rodney-halbower-who-was-already-serving-a-30-year-sentence-for-an-attempt.md) _Context: California, Oregon_
6. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:. The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: Maryland, New York State_
7. [New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs New York State's Marriage Equality Law, legalizing same-sex marriage in New York, and making New York the largest U.S. state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/25/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-signs-new-york-state-s-marriage-equality-law-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-and-making-new-york-t.md) _Context: California, New York State_
8. [The New York Senate votes to legalise same-sex marriage in New York, assuring passage of the legislation and making New York the largest state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-new-york-senate-votes-to-legalise-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-assuring-passage-of-the-legislation-and-making-new-york-the-largest-sta.md) _Context: California, New York State_
9. [ Hundreds of thousands of houses in Maine, Massachusetts, New York, and New Hampshire are left without electricity after an ice storm. ](/news/2008/12/15/hundreds-of-thousands-of-houses-in-maine-massachusetts-new-york-and-new-hampshire-are-left-without-electricity-after-an-ice-storm.md) _Context: Massachusetts, New York State_
10. [ Black Friday: As the Christmas shopping season begins in the United States, two are shot at a Toys R Us store in Palm Desert, California, and a Wal-Mart employee is crushed in a stampede after shoppers broke down a front door in Valley Stream, New York. ](/news/2008/11/28/black-friday-as-the-christmas-shopping-season-begins-in-the-united-states-two-are-shot-at-a-toys-r-us-store-in-palm-desert-california-a.md) _Context: California, New York State_
