### [2005-01-12](/news/2005/01/12/index.md)

#  British Airways flight 175 from London to New York is turned back by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration, who claim a passenger's name matches a suspected Moroccan terrorist. The passenger is questioned for two hours by British police and then released. The other 239 passengers resume their journeys nine hours late. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1166991,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Rallies occur in Berlin, London, New York City, Paris, Ottawa and elsewhere, calling for the release of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman facing execution for adultery in Iran. ](/news/2010/07/24/rallies-occur-in-berlin-london-new-york-city-paris-ottawa-and-elsewhere-calling-for-the-release-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-a-woman.md) _Context: London, New York City_
2. [An investigation by ''The Independent'' uncovers the first evidence of a UK-based rendition recruitment drive, free of American involvement, suggesting MI5 was directly involved in the 2004 "illegal" transfer of a Moroccan national from a Belgian prison to London. ](/news/2010/07/23/an-investigation-by-the-independent-uncovers-the-first-evidence-of-a-uk-based-rendition-recruitment-drive-free-of-american-involvement.md) _Context: London, Morocco_
3. [ British Airways CityFlyer Flight 8456 crash-lands at London's City Airport. ](/news/2009/02/13/british-airways-cityflyer-flight-8456-crash-lands-at-london-s-city-airport.md) _Context: British Airways, London_
4. [ The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including  Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. ](/news/2008/07/20/the-colombian-diaspora-celebrates-colombia-s-independence-day-with-concerts-and-marches-against-violence-kidnapping-and-the-farc-in-bogota.md) _Context: London, New York City_
5. [ Crash landing at London Heathrow: A British Airways Boeing 777 flying from Beijing, China to London, England lands on the grass short of the south runway and continues onto the runway, stopping on the white stripes, injuring 13 people, but resulting in no fatalities. The chaos results in the cancellation of 200 flights. ](/news/2008/01/17/crash-landing-at-london-heathrow-a-british-airways-boeing-777-flying-from-beijing-china-to-london-england-lands-on-the-grass-short-of-th.md) _Context: British Airways, London_
6. [ Three British Airways planes are grounded in London and Moscow due to positive traces of radiation as the investigation into the death of Alexander Litvinenko widens. British Airways will attempt to contact the thousands of passengers who have travelled on the planes recently. ](/news/2006/11/29/three-british-airways-planes-are-grounded-in-london-and-moscow-due-to-positive-traces-of-radiation-as-the-investigation-into-the-death-of-a.md) _Context: British Airways, London_
7. [ The airline catering firm Gate Gourmet sack 670 workers at London's Heathrow Airport, sparking a sympathy strike from British Airways staff. ](/news/2005/08/10/the-airline-catering-firm-gate-gourmet-sack-670-workers-at-london-s-heathrow-airport-sparking-a-sympathy-strike-from-british-airways-staff.md) _Context: British Airways, London_
8. [ A South Asian-looking man, suspected of being an attempted suicide bomber, having been chased by plainclothes police has been reportedly pinned to the ground then shot five times at Stockwell tube station in London, and has been confirmed dead by the police. (Wikinews), [http://www.guardian.co.uk/attackonlondon/story/0,16132,1534138,00.html (the Guardian)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4706787.stm (BBC)] [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/07/22/london.tube/index.html (CNN)] [http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1189920,00.html (Sky)].  The man was actually an innocent Brazilian killed without cause.](/news/2005/07/22/a-south-asian-looking-man-suspected-of-being-an-attempted-suicide-bomber-having-been-chased-by-plainclothes-police-has-been-reportedly-pi.md) _Context: British Police, London_
9. [ New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver's veto of the plan to build the West Side Stadium, the key component to the New York bid, all but ends New York City's chances of receiving the 2012 Olympics, leaving the field to a face-off between Paris and London. ](/news/2005/06/7/new-york-state-assembly-speaker-sheldon-silver-s-veto-of-the-plan-to-build-the-west-side-stadium-the-key-component-to-the-new-york-bid-al.md) _Context: London, New York City_
10. [ A London newspaper reports that Merrill Lynch, New York, is trying to persuade at least seventeen members of the corporate derivatives team of rival investment bank JP Morgan to defect. An anonymous source/headhunter quoted in the newspaper predicted that the seventeen will be working at Merrill Lynch by the end of the summer. ](/news/2005/05/29/a-london-newspaper-reports-that-merrill-lynch-new-york-is-trying-to-persuade-at-least-seventeen-members-of-the-corporate-derivatives-team.md) _Context: London, New York City_
