### [2005-01-12](/news/2005/01/12/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Iyad Allawi, the interim Prime Minister of Iraq has admitted parts of the country will not be voting in this month's election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4166587.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Iyad Allawi_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 50 die following a series of insurgent attacks across Iraq, including a suicide bomb at a Shia funeral which left 36 mourners dead. ](/news/2006/01/4/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-50-die-following-a-series-of-insurgent-attacks-across-iraq-including-a-suicide-bomb-at-a-shia-funeral-which-lef.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
3. [ Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force-by-insurgents-ht.md) _Context: Iraq, Iyad Allawi_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: Seven U.K. troops accused of murdering an Iraqi civilian have had their cases dropped after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence against the soldiers and that the Iraqi witnesses lied. ](/news/2005/11/3/conflict-in-iraq-seven-u-k-troops-accused-of-murdering-an-iraqi-civilian-have-had-their-cases-dropped-after-a-judge-ruled-that-there-was.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
5. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, Iyad Allawi_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: German archaeologist Susanne Osthoff is kidnapped in Iraq. ](/news/2005/11/25/conflict-in-iraq-german-archaeologist-susanne-osthoff-is-kidnapped-in-iraq.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five Iraqi civilians, including three children, are shot dead by U.S. troops as they approached a checkpoint in Baquba. The minibus they were travelling in failed to stop as it approached a roadblock. ](/news/2005/11/21/conflict-in-iraq-five-iraqi-civilians-including-three-children-are-shot-dead-by-u-s-troops-as-they-approached-a-checkpoint-in-baquba-t.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five U.S. soldiers die during sweeps of insurgent-held towns in Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/4/conflict-in-iraq-five-u-s-soldiers-die-during-sweeps-of-insurgent-held-towns-in-iraq.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: Two U.S. Marines and around four Iraqi insurgents are killed in Western Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/18/conflict-in-iraq-two-u-s-marines-and-around-four-iraqi-insurgents-are-killed-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: The U.S. claims to have killed 70 insurgents near Ramadi in eastern Iraq. However, eyewitnesses maintain that most of those killed were innocent civilians, and photographs released show locals burying at least 18 children, including infants. ](/news/2005/10/17/conflict-in-iraq-the-u-s-claims-to-have-killed-70-insurgents-near-ramadi-in-eastern-iraq-however-eyewitnesses-maintain-that-most-of-tho.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
