### [2005-01-12](/news/2005/01/12/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4167241.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, West Bank_
2. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades agrees to a ceasefire if Israel will promise to fully halt military operations inside the West Bank and Gaza Strip, including arrest raids and assassinations and releases Palestinian prisoners from its jails. The militant group rejects Israel's offer to ease operations. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4198271.stm (BBC)] [http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-01-22T174931Z_01_N22668666_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 02:35, 15 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/530080.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 02:35, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/01/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-agrees-to-a-ceasefire-if-israel-will-promise-to-fully-halt-military-operations.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz ordered dispatches of Israeli troop reinforcements to the Palestinian Areas, West Bank and Gaza Strip, and weighed a call-up of reserves, citing new warnings about planned attacks by Palestinian militants. The Israeli military also extended a two-week lockdown on Palestinians' travel within the West Bank and Gaza in what it states as a bid to prevent further attacks. Meanwhile, prime minister Ahmed Qurei is reported to have declined to form a government and told President Yasser Arafat he wants to quit his post.](/news/2003/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-ordered-dispatches-of-israeli-troop-reinforcements-to-the-palestinian-areas-wes.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.](/news/2003/10/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-gunmen-attack-an-israeli-army-foot-patrol-near-a-west-bank-village-kills-three-soldiers-and-woun.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Ramallah, West Bank_
7. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occupy.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
8. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
9. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
