### [2005-01-12](/news/2005/01/12/index.md)

#  United States intelligence officials confirm that its search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq ended last month. The claim that Iraq had an active WMD program was the White House's key justification for the 2003 invasion of Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4169107.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/01/12/wmd.search/index.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=652955)

### Related:

1. [ Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair states in an interview that he would have gone to war in Iraq even if he had known that it had no weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2009/12/13/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-states-in-an-interview-that-he-would-have-gone-to-war-in-iraq-even-if-he-had-known-that-it-had-no.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ The U.S. chief weapons inspector, Charles Duelfer states that search of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq has "gone as far as feasible". ](/news/2005/04/26/the-u-s-chief-weapons-inspector-charles-duelfer-states-that-search-of-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq-has-gone-as-far-as-feasible.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
3. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
4. [ The final report of the US Senate Intelligence Committee states that the Central Intelligence Agency described the danger presented by weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in an unreasonable way, largely unsupported by the available intelligence. ](/news/2004/07/9/the-final-report-of-the-us-senate-intelligence-committee-states-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-described-the-danger-presented-by-weap.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
5. [ The Butler Review into United Kingdom intelligence on Weapons of Mass Destruction in Iraq is published. It criticises the government for using unreliable intelligence, which it says was 'open to doubt' and 'seriously flawed', but blames no single individual. ](/news/2004/07/14/the-butler-review-into-united-kingdom-intelligence-on-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq-is-published-it-criticises-the-government-for-us.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
6. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ The UK Conservative Party withdraws from the Butler Inquiry into intelligence on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, claiming the way its terms of reference have been interpreted is too narrow. The Liberal Democrats claim that this was obvious from the beginning. ](/news/2004/03/1/the-uk-conservative-party-withdraws-from-the-butler-inquiry-into-intelligence-on-iraq-s-weapons-of-mass-destruction-claiming-the-way-its-t.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
8. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
9. [ David Kay says, in his opinion, Iraq had no banned WMD stockpiles: "I don't think they existed", Kay said, "What everyone was talking about is stockpiles produced after the end of the last (1991) Gulf War, and I don't think there was a large-scale production program in the '90s." David Kay also says that part of Saddam Hussein's secret weapons programme may have been hidden in Syria. Syria denies receiving Iraq arms.](/news/2004/01/25/david-kay-says-in-his-opinion-iraq-had-no-banned-wmd-stockpiles-i-don-t-think-they-existed-kay-said-what-everyone-was-talking-about.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
10. [ Iraq and weapons of mass destruction: The world continues to digest David Kay's report that finds very little evidence of Weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, although the regime did intend to develop more weapons with additional capabilities. Such plans and programs appear to have been dormant, the existence of these were also concealed from the United Nations during the inspections that began in 2002. Weapons inspectors in Iraq do find clandestine ""network of biological laboratories"" and a deadly strain of botulinum. The US-sponsored search for WMD has so far cost $300 million and is projected to cost around $600 million more.](/news/2003/10/3/iraq-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-world-continues-to-digest-david-kay-s-report-that-finds-very-little-evidence-of-weapons-of-mass-d.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
