### [2017-09-9](/news/2017/09/9/index.md)

# Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, 

Aid workers responding to devastation from Hurricane Irma have been stalled by the next dangerous storm: Hurricane Jose.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/09/americas/cuba-caribbean-hurricane-irma/index.html)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/09/world/americas/irma-relief-stalls-caribbean-hurricane-jose.html)
3. [UPI](https://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2017/09/09/2-dead-damage-in-Mexico-after-Hurricane-Katia-strikes/7711504978608/)

### Related:

1. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba, Hurricane Irma_
2. [Hurricane Irma makes first landfall on Barbuda, Saint Martin, and Anguilla in the northeastern Leeward Islands. Irma has maintained 185 mph winds for 24 hours, setting another record for Atlantic and eastern Pacific storms. ](/news/2017/09/6/hurricane-irma-makes-first-landfall-on-barbuda-saint-martin-and-anguilla-in-the-northeastern-leeward-islands-irma-has-maintained-185-mph.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
3. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center (NHC) predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane-wilma-in-term.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
4. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
5. [Hurricane Maria has been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Hurricane watches and warnings have been issued in parts of the Caribbean. It is following a path similar to Category 5 Hurricane Irma which left at least 82 dead. ](/news/2017/09/17/hurricane-maria-has-been-upgraded-from-a-tropical-storm-to-a-category-1-hurricane-hurricane-watches-and-warnings-have-been-issued-in-parts.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
6. [In the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, the island of Barbuda is fully depopulated for the first time in 300 years. ](/news/2017/09/15/in-the-aftermath-of-hurricane-irma-the-island-of-barbuda-is-fully-depopulated-for-the-first-time-in-300-years.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
7. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
8. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
