### [2017-09-9](/news/2017/09/9/index.md)

# SDF announces an operation against ISIL militants in northern Deir ez-Zor province, Syria. 

The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces alliance (SDF) has launched an operation against Islamic State militants in the north of Deir al-Zor province in eastern Syria, a statement said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-east/u-s-backed-sdf-attacks-islamic-state-in-syrias-deir-al-zor-province-idUSKCN1BK09A)

### Related:

1. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, SDF, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIL, SDF, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, SDF, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of Al-Shaddadah and a nearby oilfield in Syria's north-east Al-Hasakah Governorate following heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-al-shaddadah-and-a-nearby-oilfield-in-syria-s-north-east-al-hasakah-governora.md) _Context: ISIL, SDF, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/23/airstrikes-on-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-areas-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-leaves-at-least-47-civilians.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian state news reports clashes between Syrian Armed Forces and the Islamic State in eastern Syria's Deir ez-Zor province result in the deaths of 58 militants. ](/news/2015/11/8/syrian-state-news-reports-clashes-between-syrian-armed-forces-and-the-islamic-state-in-eastern-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-province-result-in-the-de.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs says it's aware of reports that a Canadian national, John Robert Gallagher, has died while fighting in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, John Robert Gallagher was killed while fighting alongside the Syrian Democratic Forces against Islamic State militants in the northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/5/canada-s-department-of-foreign-affairs-says-it-s-aware-of-reports-that-a-canadian-national-john-robert-gallagher-has-died-while-fighting-i.md) _Context: ISIL, SDF, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches-an-offensive-against-islamic-state-forces-in-the-nort.md) _Context: ISIL, SDF, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
