### [2017-09-9](/news/2017/09/9/index.md)

# The Syrian army breaks the Islamic States' nine month long siege of the Deir ez-Zor airport. 

The Syrian army and its allies reached an air base besieged for years by Islamic State militants on the outskirts of the eastern city of Deir al-Zor on Saturday, said a commander in the alliance fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-east/u-s-backed-sdf-attacks-islamic-state-in-syrias-deir-al-zor-province-idUSKCN1BK09A)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria/syrian-army-allies-reach-airbase-besieged-by-islamic-state-in-eastern-syria-commander-idUSKCN1BK0IL?il=0)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Siege of Deir ez-Zor (2014-17), Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
2. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Siege of Deir ez-Zor (2014-17), Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
3. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that scores of Syrian Army troops have been killed in fighting with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant over the past few days with the fiercest battles near the city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-scores-of-syrian-army-troops-have-been-killed-in-fighting-with-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
5. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
6. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
7. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
8. [CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-deter-aggression-this-comes-days-after-the-u-s-backed-syr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
9. [The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
10. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian army_
