### [2007-08-24](/news/2007/08/24/index.md)

#  Former Ku Klux Klan member James Seale is sentenced to life imprisonment for his role in the 1964 murder of two black men in the U.S. state of Mississippi. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,22305263-401,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ A U.S. federal jury convicts former Klansman James Ford Seale of kidnapping and conspiracy in connection with the 1964 deaths of two African-American teenagers in Mississippi. ](/news/2007/06/14/a-u-s-federal-jury-convicts-former-klansman-james-ford-seale-of-kidnapping-and-conspiracy-in-connection-with-the-1964-deaths-of-two-africa.md) _Context: James Seale, Ku Klux Klan, Mississippi_
2. [A black American political candidate "was dragged and set on fire" during his murder in the U.S. state of Mississippi, say his family. The corpse of Marco McMillian was found bruised and burned near a levee on the Mississippi River. ](/news/2013/03/5/a-black-american-political-candidate-was-dragged-and-set-on-fire-during-his-murder-in-the-u-s-state-of-mississippi-say-his-family-the-c.md) _Context: Mississippi, state_
3. [The Indian state of Gujarat passes a law which makes the slaughter of a cow punishable by life imprisonment. ](/news/2017/03/31/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-passes-a-law-which-makes-the-slaughter-of-a-cow-punishable-by-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
4. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
5. [The Sindh province of Pakistan passes a law against forced religious conversions, carrying a minimum five-year sentence and a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, following criticism over protection of minorities in the country. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-sindh-province-of-pakistan-passes-a-law-against-forced-religious-conversions-carrying-a-minimum-five-year-sentence-and-a-maximum-senten.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
6. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
7. [In the U.S., the Iowa Supreme Court rules  juveniles, even those convicted of first-degree murder, can not be sentenced to life without parole, becoming the 19th state to ban such sentences. As of January, about 2,300 American juveniles were serving life-without-parole sentences.  ](/news/2016/05/27/in-the-u-s-the-iowa-supreme-court-rules-juveniles-even-those-convicted-of-first-degree-murder-can-not-be-sentenced-to-life-without-paro.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
8. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as ''religious freedom'' bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here."  Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the  bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: Mississippi_
10. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Mississippi_
