### [2015-05-10](/news/2015/05/10/index.md)

# King Salman of Saudi Arabia will not meet with President of the United States Barack Obama at Camp David or at a summit meeting sending senior Ministers instead reportedly due to disagreement over a nuclear deal with Iran. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/11/world/middleeast/saudi-arabia-king-wont-attend-camp-david-meeting.html?smid=tw-bna&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President, Saudi Arabia_
2. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Obama, President, Saudi Arabia_
3. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
5. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
6. [United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin discuss the uprising in Syria, Iran, and trade at the summit. ](/news/2012/06/18/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discuss-the-uprising-in-syria-iran-and-trade-at-the-summit.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama signs a law providing for new sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/12/31/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-a-law-providing-for-new-sanctions-against-iran.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
9. [United States President Barack Obama has asked Iran for the RQ-170 Sentinel that was captured near Kashmar on December 4. ](/news/2011/12/12/united-states-president-barack-obama-has-asked-iran-for-the-rq-170-sentinel-that-was-captured-near-kashmar-on-december-4.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Iran, Obama, President_
