### [2015-05-10](/news/2015/05/10/index.md)

# The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. 




### Source:

1. [Holy See Press Office](http://www.microsofttranslator.com/BV.aspx?ref=IE8Activity&a=http%3A%2F%2Fpress.vatican.va%2Fcontent%2Fsalastampa%2Fit%2Fbollettino%2Fpubblico%2F2015%2F05%2F10%2F0353%2F00780.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States: Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Pope Francis_
2. [After having arrived in Havana, Cuba the day before, Pope Francis, in the third trip by an incumbent Pope to Cuba, presides over a Papal Mass in Havana's Plaza de la Revolucin, and pleads for Colombia and the FARC rebels to make a final peace, also noting the better relations between the U.S., which he will visit next, and Cuba. He holds a meeting with Cuban President Raul Castro, and meets for a talk and exchange of gifts with former Cuban President Fidel Castro. ](/news/2015/09/20/after-having-arrived-in-havana-cuba-the-day-before-pope-francis-in-the-third-trip-by-an-incumbent-pope-to-cuba-presides-over-a-papal-mas.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Raul Castro_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the President of Cuba Raul Castro meet at the sidelines of the Summit of the Americas in Panama. This marks the first meeting of the leaders of the two countries since the Cuban Revolution. ](/news/2015/04/11/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-meet-at-the-sidelines-of-the-summit-of-the-americas-in.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Raul Castro_
4. [2015 Papal visit to Sri Lanka and the Philippines: Pope Francis celebrates Holy Mass in Manila to a crowd of 6 to 7 million, the largest papal gathering since 1995 World Youth Day mass celebrated by late Pope John Paul II in the same place, despite pouring rain. ](/news/2015/01/18/2015-papal-visit-to-sri-lanka-and-the-philippines-pope-francis-celebrates-holy-mass-in-manila-to-a-crowd-of-6-to-7-million-the-largest-pap.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
5. [Pope Francis closes the Third Extraordinary General Assembly of the Synod of Bishops, a preparatory meeting which had as its theme the pastoral challenges to the family, with a Mass at the Vatican-with Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI and about 70,000 in attendance-featuring the beatification of Pope Paul VI, who concluded and implemented Vatican Council II and gained fame for writing the still-controversial "Humanae Vitae" sexual ethics encyclical. ](/news/2014/10/19/pope-francis-closes-the-third-extraordinary-general-assembly-of-the-synod-of-bishops-a-preparatory-meeting-which-had-as-its-theme-the-pasto.md) _Context: Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, Pope Francis_
6. [Canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II:: Popes John XXIII and John Paul II are declared saints by Pope Francis in the first papal canonization since 1954. ](/news/2014/04/27/canonization-of-pope-john-xxiii-and-pope-john-paul-ii-popes-john-xxiii-and-john-paul-ii-are-declared-saints-by-pope-francis-in-the-first-p.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
7. [Holy See-United States relations:: President of the United States Barack Obama meets Pope Francis for the first time since Francis' inauguration. ](/news/2014/03/27/holy-see-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-pope-francis-for-the-first-time-since-francis-inaugu.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Pope Francis_
8. [Pending approval from Pope Francis, reports that Pope John Paul II may be canonized at the end of the year are confirmed after approval by the Vatican Congregation for the Causes of Saints of an alleged second miracle. ](/news/2013/07/2/pending-approval-from-pope-francis-reports-that-pope-john-paul-ii-may-be-canonized-at-the-end-of-the-year-are-confirmed-after-approval-by-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
9. [Fidel Castro delivers a short speech to the Cuban Parliament to warn about the risk of a nuclear war between the United States and Iran, accusing Barack Obama of provoking conflict with Iran and North Korea and urging him to prevent such a conflict. ](/news/2010/08/7/fidel-castro-delivers-a-short-speech-to-the-cuban-parliament-to-warn-about-the-risk-of-a-nuclear-war-between-the-united-states-and-iran-acc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Fidel Castro_
10. [ Former President of Cuba Fidel Castro praises current President of the United States Barack Obama for his speech before the United Nations General Assembly for admitting it had been slow to act on climate change but urges that the American capitalist system is incompatible with a clean planet. ](/news/2009/09/23/former-president-of-cuba-fidel-castro-praises-current-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-for-his-speech-before-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Fidel Castro_
