### [2015-05-10](/news/2015/05/10/index.md)

# Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. 

About 500 members of Myanmar&#039;s Rohingya Muslim community have been rescued off Aceh.


### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2015/05/10/two-boats-500-people-land-indonesia)

### Related:

1. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar, Rohingya_
2. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar, Rohingya_
3. [ Rohingya refugee crisis: Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/rohingya-refugee-crisis-julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have.md) _Context: Indonesia, Myanmar, Rohingya_
4. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
5. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
7. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
8. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
9. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
10. [Rohingya conflict: A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/rohingya-conflict-a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
