### [2005-09-7](/news/2005/09/7/index.md)

#  A report by the Independent Inquiry Committee criticizes U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan and the U.N. Security Council's role in the Oil-for-Food Programme. 

According to an independent investigatory committee, U.N. officials allowed corruption to overrun the Oil-for-Food program.


### Source:

1. [FOX](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,168648,00.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/09/07/AR2005090701646.html)

### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council discusses a new United States draft resolution on Iraq, which would enhance the United Nations' role in Iraq. Secretary General Kofi Annan states draft did not go in the direction he recommended. A quicker transfer of sovereignty ""may change the dynamics on the ground, in terms of the security situation, and send a message"".](/news/2003/10/2/occupation-of-iraq-the-united-nations-security-council-discusses-a-new-united-states-draft-resolution-on-iraq-which-would-enhance-the-uni.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-anta3nio-guterres-as-the-next-secretary-general-of.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
5. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
6. [At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. ](/news/2011/06/21/at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-in-new-york-city-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-wins-a-second-five-year-term-by.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
8. [ Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, expresses concern about a resumption of fighting in Sudan between the army and the Sudan People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2006/11/29/kofi-annan-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-expresses-concern-about-a-resumption-of-fighting-in-sudan-between-the-army-and-the.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
9. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Security Council_
10. [ Kofi Annan states that he is working with the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council to deploy an armed force in the Middle East to quell the escalation of conflict between Israel, Palestinian insurgents and Hezbollah. Tony Blair supports the plan. ](/news/2006/07/17/kofi-annan-states-that-he-is-working-with-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-deploy-an-armed-force-in-the.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations Security Council_
