### [2005-09-7](/news/2005/09/7/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: 16 people die following a car bomb attack in the southern Iraqi city of Basra. 




### Source:

1. [dailybulletin](http://www2.dailybulletin.com/news/ci_3009530)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4224344.stm)

### Related:

1. [The death toll of Saturday's explosion in Basra, Iraq, rises to 43, with the number of injured people being over 100. Police say the explosion was as a result of a power generator short-circuiting but other sources claim it was due to a car bomb. ](/news/2010/08/8/the-death-toll-of-saturday-s-explosion-in-basra-iraq-rises-to-43-with-the-number-of-injured-people-being-over-100-police-say-the-explosi.md) _Context: Basra, Iraq, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A series of Suicide bombings kill 74 Shia worshippers at two mosques in eastern Iraq while in Baghdad two car bombs destroy the blast wall protecting a hotel housing foreign journalists and kill eight Iraqis. ](/news/2005/11/18/conflict-in-iraq-p-a-series-of-suicide-bombings-kill-74-shia-worshippers-at-two-mosques-in-eastern-iraq-while-in-baghdad-two-car-bombs-dest.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, car bomb_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: Two British Soldiers have been killed following a roadside IED bomb in Basra, southern Iraq. ](/news/2005/09/5/conflict-in-iraq-two-british-soldiers-have-been-killed-following-a-roadside-ied-bomb-in-basra-southern-iraq.md) _Context: Basra, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 42 people have died following a series of co-ordinated car bombings in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/08/17/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-42-people-have-died-following-a-series-of-co-ordinated-car-bombings-in-the-iraqi-capital-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, car bomb_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least two British private security agents have been killed following an attack on a convoy in Basra, south Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/30/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-two-british-private-security-agents-have-been-killed-following-an-attack-on-a-convoy-in-basra-south-iraq.md) _Context: Basra, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/conflict-in-iraq-p-iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-resu.md) _Context: Basra, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, car bomb_
8. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen  from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-servic.md) _Context: Basra, Iraq_
9. [Car-bombings across Iraq kill at least 57 people. The attacks include a rare bombing in the southern Basra province leaving 10 people dead. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is suspected of being behind the attacks. ](/news/2015/10/5/car-bombings-across-iraq-kill-at-least-57-people-the-attacks-include-a-rare-bombing-in-the-southern-basra-province-leaving-10-people-dead.md) _Context: Iraq, car bomb_
10. [A car bomb targets a government building in the Iraqi Kurdish capital Irbil, resulting in four deaths. ](/news/2014/11/19/a-car-bomb-targets-a-government-building-in-the-iraqi-kurdish-capital-irbil-resulting-in-four-deaths.md) _Context: Iraq, car bomb_
