### [2005-09-7](/news/2005/09/7/index.md)

#  Michael Jackson has announced he will record and release a charity single dedicated to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. Jackson has asked other recording stars to provide vocals for the single. Babyface has confirmed he will be participating. The single is titled "From The Bottom of My Heart" and is due for release in two weeks. All proceeds will go to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. However, over one year later the single has not been released.




### Related:

1. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
2. [A New York City businesswoman, who wanted to bring a "grander scale" to her yearly charitable giving, bought a toy store's entire inventory to donate to homeless kids. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-new-york-city-businesswoman-who-wanted-to-bring-a-grander-scale-to-her-yearly-charitable-giving-bought-a-toy-store-s-entire-inventory.md) _Context: charitable giving_
3. [Dr Conrad Murray is released from prison in the American city of Los Angeles for involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson. ](/news/2013/10/28/dr-conrad-murray-is-released-from-prison-in-the-american-city-of-los-angeles-for-involuntary-manslaughter-in-the-death-of-michael-jackson.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
4. [The jury in the Michael Jackson Estate vs. AEG Live court case finds AEG Live not guilty of negligence in hiring musician Michael Jackson's physician Conrad Murray. Murray was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in 2011. ](/news/2013/10/2/the-jury-in-the-michael-jackson-estate-vs-aeg-live-court-case-finds-aeg-live-not-guilty-of-negligence-in-hiring-musician-michael-jackson-s.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
5. [Paris Jackson, Michael Jackson's daughter, tries to commit suicide by cutting her wrists and overdosing on pills. ](/news/2013/06/5/paris-jackson-michael-jackson-s-daughter-tries-to-commit-suicide-by-cutting-her-wrists-and-overdosing-on-pills.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
6. [The wrongful death of Michael Jackson trial gets underway with jury selection. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-wrongful-death-of-michael-jackson-trial-gets-underway-with-jury-selection.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
7. [Hurricane Isaac arrives in the US city of New Orleans on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina hitting the city. Damage is limited. ](/news/2012/08/29/hurricane-isaac-arrives-in-the-us-city-of-new-orleans-on-the-seventh-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-hitting-the-city-damage-is-limited.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
8. [Former New Orleans Police Department officers are sentenced to decades in jail for shooting civilians after Hurricane Katrina, and a subsequent coverup. ](/news/2012/04/4/former-new-orleans-police-department-officers-are-sentenced-to-decades-in-jail-for-shooting-civilians-after-hurricane-katrina-and-a-subsequ.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
9. [Conrad Murray is found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in relation to the death of American entertainer Michael Jackson. ](/news/2011/11/7/conrad-murray-is-found-guilty-of-involuntary-manslaughter-in-relation-to-the-death-of-american-entertainer-michael-jackson.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
10. [The jury retires to consider its verdict in the trial of Dr Conrad Murray for the alleged involuntary manslaughter of U.S. entertainer Michael Jackson. ](/news/2011/11/4/the-jury-retires-to-consider-its-verdict-in-the-trial-of-dr-conrad-murray-for-the-alleged-involuntary-manslaughter-of-u-s-entertainer-micha.md) _Context: Michael Jackson_
