### [2005-09-7](/news/2005/09/7/index.md)

#  The California State Assembly passes a bill recognizing same-sex marriage. Earlier this week the state Senate approved the measure; it now heads to the desk of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger where there is uncertainty whether he will sign or veto the measure. The legislation is the first passed by a U.S. state legislature recognizing same-sex marriage. 




### Source:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2005/09/06/MNsamesex06.TMP)

### Related:

1. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he would veto a bill allowing same-sex marriage citing the March 2000 Proposition 22 ballot initiative that stated "Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California". [http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-marriage8sep08,0,7314785.story?coll=la-home-headlines (LA Times)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-announced-he-would-veto-a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-citing-the-march-2000-proposition-22-ba.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California, same-sex marriage_
2. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers a speech regarding the state's financial crisis, favoring state spending cuts rather than the issuing of bonds. ](/news/2009/06/13/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-delivers-a-speech-regarding-the-state-s-financial-crisis-favoring-state-spending-cuts-rather-tha.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
3. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency, due to severe drought. ](/news/2009/02/28/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-severe-drought.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
4. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger acts to end a budget crisis by firing 22,000 California state workers and cutting the pay of 200,000 more. ](/news/2008/07/31/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-acts-to-end-a-budget-crisis-by-firing-22-000-california-state-workers-and-cutting-the-pay.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
5. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Cruz County for the ongoing Summit Fire burning in the Santa Cruz Mountains. ](/news/2008/05/22/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-cruz-county-for-the-ongoing-summit-fire-burning-in-the-san.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
6. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Barbara County, California with hundreds of people ordered to evacuate due to wildfire. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-barbara-county-california-with-hundreds-of-people.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Saying he will defend California's laws limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples, state attorney general Bill Lockyer dismisses California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's "order" in the San Francisco marriage licenses debate, saying his office is independent of gubernatorial power. ](/news/2004/02/22/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-saying-he-will-defend-california-s-laws-limiting-marriage-to-opposite-sex-couples-state-attorney-g.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, same-sex marriage_
8. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in San Luis Obispo County, following an earthquake in that county on the previous day. [http://www.cnn.com/2003/US/West/12/23/ca.earthquake/index.html]](/news/2003/12/23/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-san-luis-obispo-county-following-an-earthquake-in-that-county-o.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
9. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: California, Governor of California_
10. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a drought emergency and asks residents of the state to voluntarily conserve water. ](/news/2014/01/17/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-drought-emergency-and-asks-residents-of-the-state-to-voluntarily-conserve-water.md) _Context: California, Governor of California_
