### [2007-07-10](/news/2007/07/10/index.md)

#  A Cessna 310 registered to the Competitor Liaison Bureau, an arm of NASCAR, attempting an emergency landing at Orlando Sanford International Airport crashes into two homes in Sanford, Florida.  Three people in one of the homes are critically injured, and a fourth person, a four-year-old girl, died; an off-duty firefighter that first responded to the scene was also injured.  Two people in the other house and both the pilot and passenger in the Cessna are killed; the passenger was Dr. Bruce Kennedy, husband of International Speedway Corporation president Lesa Kennedy and brother-in-law of NASCAR chief Brian France. 




### Source:

1. [WESH.com](http://www.wesh.com/news/13652167/detail.html)

### Related:

1. [A crash during the final lap of the 2013 NASCAR DRIVE4COPD 300 auto race at Daytona International Speedway in Florida, United States, sends debris flying into the stands, injuring at least 33 spectators. ](/news/2013/02/23/a-crash-during-the-final-lap-of-the-2013-nascar-drive4copd-300-auto-race-at-daytona-international-speedway-in-florida-united-states-sends.md) _Context: Florida, NASCAR_
2. [The parents of an unarmed black teen boy killed by gunshot wound in a suburb of Orlando in the U.S. state of Florida address a mass rally in New York to call for justice. ](/news/2012/03/22/the-parents-of-an-unarmed-black-teen-boy-killed-by-gunshot-wound-in-a-suburb-of-orlando-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-address-a-mass-rally-in.md) _Context: Florida, a suburb of Orlando_
3. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
4. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
5. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [In motorsport, Jimmie Johnson wins the 2016 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Championship with a victory in the final race of the season. It is his 7th Cup championship, which ties the all-time record set by Richard Petty in 1979 and Dale Earnhardt in 1994. ](/news/2016/11/20/in-motorsport-jimmie-johnson-wins-the-2016-nascar-sprint-cup-series-championship-with-a-victory-in-the-final-race-of-the-season-it-is-his.md) _Context: NASCAR_
9. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Florida_
