### [2007-07-10](/news/2007/07/10/index.md)

#  A Tamil man from Sydney is charged with multiple terrorism charges over alleged links with the Tamil Tigers. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/national/sydney-man-accused-of-link-to-terrorist-tigers/2007/07/10/1183833477668.html)

### Related:

1. [Australian Federal Police (AFP) and Victorian Police raid premises across Victoria in relation to alleged financing of a terrorist organisation believed to be the Kurdish Workers Party. One of the premises raided was of the Kurdish Association of Victoria; the AFP also raids properties in Sydney and Perth. ](/news/2010/08/19/australian-federal-police-afp-and-victorian-police-raid-premises-across-victoria-in-relation-to-alleged-financing-of-a-terrorist-organisat.md) _Context: Sydney, terrorism_
2. [Australian federal police conduct raids in four separate suburbs of Sydney, detaining individuals and confiscating materials involved in a suspected terrorist plot to bomb an aircraft. ](/news/2017/07/29/australian-federal-police-conduct-raids-in-four-separate-suburbs-of-sydney-detaining-individuals-and-confiscating-materials-involved-in-a-s.md) _Context: Sydney_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
4. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
5. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [ New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and-t.md) _Context: Sydney_
9. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. ](/news/2016/04/21/six-high-ranking-pakistan-army-officers-including-a-lieutenant-general-and-major-general-are-sacked-by-chief-of-army-staff-raheel-sharif-a.md) _Context: terrorism_
