### [2007-07-10](/news/2007/07/10/index.md)

#  President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva announces plans to build a nuclear-powered submarine to patrol the waters off Brazil's coast at a cost of US$500 million. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/N03232022.htm)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
2. [ Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva heavily criticises the "rich countries", the G8 and other international bodies over the global economic crisis. ](/news/2009/09/13/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-heavily-criticises-the-rich-countries-the-g8-and-other-international-bodies-over-the-globa.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
3. [ Brazil's former Environment minister Marina Silva joins the Green Party which wants to field her as a black female candidate for the 2010 Brazilian presidential race when President Lula's two terms comes to an end. ](/news/2009/08/30/brazil-s-former-environment-minister-marina-silva-joins-the-green-party-which-wants-to-field-her-as-a-black-female-candidate-for-the-2010-b.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
4. [ President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva says that he will defend Brazil's record on global climate change when he addresses the United Nations General Assembly this week. ](/news/2007/09/24/president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-says-that-he-will-defend-brazil-s-record-on-global-climate-change-when-he-addresses-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
5. [ The President of Brazil, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva announces that Brazil will clear its International Monetary Fund debt of $15.5bn two years early. ](/news/2005/12/14/the-president-of-brazil-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-announces-that-brazil-will-clear-its-international-monetary-fund-debt-of-15-5bn-two-yea.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva, US$_
6. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
7. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
8. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
9. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil, US$_
10. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
