### [2007-07-10](/news/2007/07/10/index.md)

#  The European Union chooses Dominique Strauss-Kahn as its nominee to head the International Monetary Fund, making him the frontrunner to fill the position in October. 




### Source:

1. [AP via the NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/business/AP-EU-IMF.html?ex=1341720000&en=175b46b26f8807c3&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:: New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
2. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015: Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn is acquitted of pimping charges in France. ](/news/2015/06/12/former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-is-acquitted-of-pimping-charges-in-france.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
6. [Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn goes on trial in France on pimping charges. ](/news/2015/02/2/former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-goes-on-trial-in-france-on-pimping-charges.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Due to lack of evidence, a French court drops a case against former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn for allegedly running a prostitution ring. ](/news/2013/06/11/due-to-lack-of-evidence-a-french-court-drops-a-case-against-former-imf-chief-dominique-strauss-kahn-for-allegedly-running-a-prostitution-ri.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
8. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
10. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:: Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europ.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
