### [2015-09-1](/news/2015/09/1/index.md)

# Authorities in Hungary close the Budapest Keleti railway station to prevent hundreds of migrants from boarding trains to other European capitals. 

Hungary has closed Budapest&amp;#39;s main railway station today as hundreds of migrants queued up to board trains to other EU countries. 


### Source:

1. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/update/2015-09-01/migrant-crisis-hungary-closes-main-budapest-rail-station/)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/more-than-11000-icelanders-offer-to-house-syrian-refugees-to-help-european-crisis-10480505.html)
3. [Time](http://time.com/4018241/iceland-syria-refugees/)
4. [thelocal](http://www.thelocal.de/20150901/migrants-flee-budapest-for-vienna-and-munich)

### Related:

1. [The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
2. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
3. [Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18-people-are-confirmed-dead.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
4. [Nigerien authorities discover the bodies of 34 migrants, mostly children, left behind in the Sahara desert by people smugglers who were taking them to Algeria and then to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/16/nigerien-authorities-discover-the-bodies-of-34-migrants-mostly-children-left-behind-in-the-sahara-desert-by-people-smugglers-who-were-taki.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
5. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
6. [The government of Hungary announces it will hold a referendum regarding future European Union quotas for resettling refugees. The vote is expected to be held either in September or October of this year where a turnout of over 50 percent will render it to be valid. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-hungary-announces-it-will-hold-a-referendum-regarding-future-european-union-quotas-for-resettling-refugees-the-vote-is-ex.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
7. [United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-c.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
8. [The President of Finland, Sauli Niinisto, in an address to the Finnish parliament (Eduskunta), says the current flow of migrants into Europe threatens the continent's Western values and that the UN's Convention relating to the Status of Refugees is outdated, saying "All estimates predict that the flow of people will increase this year. This is challenging the ability of Western democracies to help and also challenging the very structures underlying the idea of Europe". ](/news/2016/02/4/the-president-of-finland-sauli-niinistap-in-an-address-to-the-finnish-parliament-eduskunta-says-the-current-flow-of-migrants-into-europ.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
9. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
10. [Hungary is to hold a referendum on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants. ](/news/2016/02/24/hungary-is-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-eu-quotas-for-relocating-migrants.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
