### [2015-09-1](/news/2015/09/1/index.md)

# Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. The United Nations confirms the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has completely destroyed the Temple of Bel in Palmyra, Syria, after earlier reports that the structure was mostly intact. 

Satellite analysis confirms the destruction of the most significant temple in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, the United Nations says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera English Online](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/confirms-destruction-famed-palmyra-temple-150831230110476.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34111092)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/syrian-civil-war-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-ex.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syria, destroyed_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (March 2016). Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syria_
6. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Islamic State fighters enter the ancient ruins of Palmyra after capturing the Syrian city of Tadmur yesterday. A hundred pro-government fighters are believed to have died in fighting. ](/news/2015/05/21/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-islamic-state-fighters-enter-the-ancient-ruins-of-palmyra-after-capturing-the-syrian-city-of-tadmur-ye.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syria_
7. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ISIL forces capture the headquarters of Kurdish forces defending the Syrian border town of Kobane with the United Nations warning of massacre. ](/news/2014/10/10/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-forces-capture-the-headquarters-of-kurdish-forces-defending-the-syrian-border-town-of-kobane-with.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, United Nations_
8. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
