### [2015-09-1](/news/2015/09/1/index.md)

# Eurostar services between Paris and London are delayed by hundreds of migrants trying to board the trains at Calais. 

Hundreds of passengerswere stranded for hours on five Eurostar high-speed trains afterreports that migrants were blocking the tracks leading to thetunnel under the English Channel and were attempting to climbaboard.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/02/eurostar-migrants-idUSL1N11803520150902)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Queen Elizabeth II formally opens High Speed 1 and London's St Pancras station, the new home for Eurostar trains linking London with Paris and Brussels as of November 14, replacing the Eurostar terminus at Waterloo station. ](/news/2007/11/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-formally-opens-high-speed-1-and-london-s-st-pancras-station-the-new-home-for-eurostar-trains-linking-london-with-paris.md) _Context: Eurostar, London, Paris_
2. [Rallies occur in Berlin, London, New York City, Paris, Ottawa and elsewhere, calling for the release of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman facing execution for adultery in Iran. ](/news/2010/07/24/rallies-occur-in-berlin-london-new-york-city-paris-ottawa-and-elsewhere-calling-for-the-release-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-a-woman.md) _Context: London, Paris_
3. [Extreme weather in Europe kills nine people in Germany, traps a Eurostar train in the Channel Tunnel, disrupts flights at international airports in Amsterdam, Dublin, Knock and Paris, shuts hundreds of schools in Ireland and disrupts Norway's bus service in Oslo. ](/news/2010/01/7/extreme-weather-in-europe-kills-nine-people-in-germany-traps-a-eurostar-train-in-the-channel-tunnel-disrupts-flights-at-international-airp.md) _Context: Eurostar, Paris_
4. [ The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. ](/news/2008/07/20/the-colombian-diaspora-celebrates-colombia-s-independence-day-with-concerts-and-marches-against-violence-kidnapping-and-the-farc-in-bogota.md) _Context: London, Paris_
5. [ New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver's veto of the plan to build the West Side Stadium, the key component to the New York bid, all but ends New York City's chances of receiving the 2012 Olympics, leaving the field to a face-off between Paris and London. ](/news/2005/06/7/new-york-state-assembly-speaker-sheldon-silver-s-veto-of-the-plan-to-build-the-west-side-stadium-the-key-component-to-the-new-york-bid-al.md) _Context: London, Paris_
6. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: London_
7. [In a suspected terror attack, six French soldiers are injured, three seriously, when a man drives a car into them at a barracks in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. ](/news/2017/08/9/in-a-suspected-terror-attack-six-french-soldiers-are-injured-three-seriously-when-a-man-drives-a-car-into-them-at-a-barracks-in-the-paris.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
9. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in-su.md) _Context: London_
10. [London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-performed.md) _Context: London_
