### [2015-09-1](/news/2015/09/1/index.md)

# Guatemala's Congress unanimously votes to strip President Otto Perez of immunity from prosecution for his alleged role in a graft scandal that has engulfed his government. Nationwide elections are scheduled for Sunday, September 6th; Perez is not eligible because of constitutional term limits.  

Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina rejected accusations by the attorney general that he led a customs tax fraud racket as Congress weighs a vote this week over whether to strip him of immunity from prosecution.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/01/us-guatemala-corruption-immunity-idUSKCN0R14VL20150901)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-31/guatemalan-president-rejects-graft-claims-ahead-of-elections)

### Related:

1. [A legislative commission urges the Congress of Guatemala to remove President Otto Perez Molina's immunity from prosecution over a corruption scandal that has caused former Vice President Roxana Baldetti to be jailed and much of the Cabinet to resign. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-legislative-commission-urges-the-congress-of-guatemala-to-remove-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-s-immunity-from-prosecution-over-a-corruptio.md) _Context: Guatemala's Congress, Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
2. [A judge orders that President of Guatemala Otto Perez Molina be detained for his alleged role in a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-judge-orders-that-president-of-guatemala-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-be-detained-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
3. [Thousands of protesters joined a Guatemalan national strike Thursday demanding the resignation of President Otto Perez Molina for corruption. Five of 13 cabinet ministers have resigned since Friday, and Tuesday, the Supreme Court unanimously approved a motion to impeach the president. ](/news/2015/08/27/thousands-of-protesters-joined-a-guatemalan-national-strike-thursday-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-for-corruptio.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
4. [In Guatemala the country's electoral supreme court calls for general elections to be held on September 11 to elect President and Vice President, Mayors of the 333 municipal corporations, members for a new Congress and members for the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN). A second round of voting for President and Vice-President will be held on November 6 if needed.](/news/2011/05/2/in-guatemala-the-country-s-electoral-supreme-court-calls-for-general-elections-to-be-held-on-september-11-to-elect-president-and-vice-presid.md) _Context: Guatemala's Congress, Guatemalan President_
5. [Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". ](/news/2016/04/22/belize-accuses-guatemala-of-amassing-troops-on-the-disputed-belizeaguatemala-border-following-the-death-of-a-teenage-guatemalan-boy-in-a.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
6. [Guatemalan Gustavo Alejos Cambara, once private secretary to former President Alvaro Colom, turns himself in to authorities on charges related to government medicine procurement corruption. ](/news/2015/12/28/guatemalan-gustavo-alejos-cambara-once-private-secretary-to-former-president-alvaro-colom-turns-himself-in-to-authorities-on-charges-rela.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
7. [Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy delays his return home from South Korea as tension comes to a head between his supporters and those of Prime Minister Hun Sen. Friday, a Cambodian court issued an arrest warrant related to an old defamation case for which Sam had already received a royal pardon. Today, Parliament stripped him  of immunity protection. ](/news/2015/11/16/cambodian-opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-delays-his-return-home-from-south-korea-as-tension-comes-to-a-head-between-his-supporters-and-those-o.md) _Context: immunity protection_
8. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including  Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-t.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
9. [Voters in Guatemala go to the polls for the second round of voting in a presidential election with former TV comedian Jimmy Morales winning a landslide victory. ](/news/2015/10/25/voters-in-guatemala-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-former-tv-comedian-jimmy-morales-winning.md) _Context: Guatemalan general election, 2015_
10. [Voters in Guatemala go to the polls for a general election. The presidential election appears headed for a runoff. ](/news/2015/09/6/voters-in-guatemala-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-the-presidential-election-appears-headed-for-a-runoff.md) _Context: Guatemalan general election, 2015_
