
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/09/1/university-of-california-san-francisco-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-an-altered-protein-prion-that-is-the-direct-cause-of-a-rare.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/09/1/university-of-california-san-francisco-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-an-altered-protein-prion-that-is-the-direct-cause-of-a-rare.json)  [XML](/news/2015/09/1/university-of-california-san-francisco-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-an-altered-protein-prion-that-is-the-direct-cause-of-a-rare.xml)  

### [2015-09-1](/news/2015/09/1/index.md)

##### University of California, San Francisco
# University of California, San Francisco, scientists announce the discovery of an altered protein (prion) that is the direct cause of a rare, incurable, Parkinson's-like brain disorder, multiple system atrophy. 

When Stanley B. Prusiner, a UCSF neurologist, first proposed that inert proteins he called prions could somehow fold into strange shapes and infect humans with rare diseases of the brain, his idea 30 years ago was widely dismissed as nonsense. Twenty years later, those infectious prions — which Prusiner coined from two words, protein and infection — won him a Nobel Prize, and today his Institute for Neurodegenerative Disease has its own building on the medical center’s Mission Bay campus. [...] Kurt Giles, a British-born neurologist at the UCSF Institute, is reporting that he and his colleagues have found that a new type of prion is the direct cause of a rare and fatal brain disorder whose symptoms are similar to Parkinson’s disease. In a report published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Giles and an international group of colleagues conclude that their newly discovered type of misfolded prion, called alpha-synuclein, causes a rare disease named multiple-system atrophy, known as MSA. To prove their point, Giles and colleagues in the U.S., Britain and Australia took tissue samples containing prions from the brains of people who had died of MSA. [...] in experiment after experiment, the researchers found evidence that the prions then transmitted the infection to laboratory cultures of human and mouse tissue. When Prusiner first reported the existence of the strange proteins he called prions in 1982, he found they were the cause of the rare and fatal human disorder called Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, or CJD, and that claim is now widely recognized. The same prions were also found to cause animal diseases like scrapie in sheep and bovine spongiform encephalopathy, better known as mad cow disease, in cattle.


### Sources:

1. [Medical Daily](http://www.medicaldaily.com/cause-multiple-system-atrophy-identified-making-msa-newest-prion-disease-50-years-350904)
2. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/science/article/Defective-protein-found-to-cause-rare-6476308.php#photo-3105261)
2. [Cover Image](http://ww2.hdnux.com/photos/13/66/07/3105261/5/rawImage.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Pharmaceutical company Pfizer discontinues research into treating patients with Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. [http:--www.telegraph.co.uk-science-2018-01-08-hunt-alzheimers-cure-suffers-heavy-blow-pfizer-pulls-research- "(The Telegraph)" ]](/news/2018/01/8/pharmaceutical-company-pfizer-discontinues-research-into-treating-patients-with-alzheimer-s-disease-and-parkinson-s-disease-http-www-tel.md) _Context: Parkinson's disease_
2. [A researcher from the University of California, San Francisco discovers that the sugar industry may have manipulated studies about heart diseases. ](/news/2016/09/12/a-researcher-from-the-university-of-california-san-francisco-discovers-that-the-sugar-industry-may-have-manipulated-studies-about-heart-dis.md) _Context: University of California, San Francisco_
3. [Researchers at the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute are published in the journal "Cell", describing a link between Parkinsonism (Parkinson's disease) and the agricultural pesticides of paraquat and maneb. ](/news/2013/12/6/researchers-at-the-sanford-burnham-medical-research-institute-are-published-in-the-journal-cell-describing-a-link-between-parkinsonism-p.md) _Context: Parkinson's disease_
4. [Researchers discover prions spreading through airborne transmission on aerosol particles, in an animal testing experiment focusing on scrapie infection in laboratory mice. ](/news/2011/01/13/researchers-discover-prions-spreading-through-airborne-transmission-on-aerosol-particles-in-an-animal-testing-experiment-focusing-on-scrapi.md) _Context: prion_
5. [ Canada's Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute discovers a new method to create embryonic-like stem cells that could cure spinal-cord injuries and Parkinson's disease. ](/news/2009/03/1/canada-s-samuel-lunenfeld-research-institute-discovers-a-new-method-to-create-embryonic-like-stem-cells-that-could-cure-spinal-cord-injurie.md) _Context: Parkinson's disease_
