### [2013-05-20](/news/2013/05/20/index.md)

# A massive two mile wide tornado strikes south of the US city of Oklahoma City, causing widespread damage and causing the National Weather Service to issue a rare tornado emergency. 

Helicopter images of Moore, Oklahoma show tracts of devastated neighborhoods.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/oklahoma-tornado-37-dead-horrific-damage/story?id=19219367)
2. [MSN](http://news.msn.com/us/tornado-hits-oklahoma-elementary-school-takes-direct-hit)
3. [NBC News](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/20/18375741-major-damage-as-huge-tornado-rips-through-neighborhoods-south-of-oklahoma-city?lite)
4. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2013/05/20/185588779/tornado-emergency-declared-in-oklahoma-city)
4. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2013/05/20/ap789530311235_wide-8fe7676d35b10c43b05e108cf63897bf00aad759.jpg?s=1400)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: National Weather Service, United States_
2. [The death toll from the 2013 Moore tornado in the U.S. state of Oklahoma is revised sharply downward to 24, with over one hundred people injured and many missing. ](/news/2013/05/21/the-death-toll-from-the-2013-moore-tornado-in-the-u-s-state-of-oklahoma-is-revised-sharply-downward-to-24-with-over-one-hundred-people-inj.md) _Context: 2013 Moore tornado, United States_
3. [The United States National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for nine states in the Midwestern United States with a storm affecting a total of 30 states from Texas to Maine. ](/news/2011/02/1/the-united-states-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-nine-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-a-storm-affecting.md) _Context: National Weather Service, United States_
4. [ The United States National Weather Service warns of "excessive heat" after the Earth reportedly breaks out of its orbit and begins falling into the sun. Fortunately, it turns out to be a mistakenly published test message. [http://www.informationweek.com/story/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=17000138]](/news/2003/12/17/the-united-states-national-weather-service-warns-of-excessive-heat-after-the-earth-reportedly-breaks-out-of-its-orbit-and-begins-falling.md) _Context: National Weather Service, United States_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the ongoing efforts to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-graham-cassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-possib.md) _Context: United States_
8. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
10. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
