### [2013-05-20](/news/2013/05/20/index.md)

# The BBC documentary series ''Panorama'' airs unseen footage from the 1989 Hillsborough disaster that casts doubt on medical evidence given at the inquest. 

Crucial evidence from the 1989 Hillsborough football disaster, which was undermined at the original inquest, was true, BBC Panorama finds.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-22566230)

### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis:BBC says that an edition of ''Panorama'' filmed secretly on a university study trip to North Korea will be broadcast, despite claims by the London School of Economics that students may have been put in danger. ](/news/2013/04/15/2013-korean-crisis-pbbc-says-that-an-edition-of-panorama-filmed-secretly-on-a-university-study-trip-to-north-korea-will-be-broadcast-de.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
2. [The BBC's ''Panorama'' alleges that a company owned by News Corporation recruited a pay-TV "pirate" to hack a rival's secret codes then post the details online. ](/news/2012/03/26/the-bbc-s-panorama-alleges-that-a-company-owned-by-news-corporation-recruited-a-pay-tv-pirate-to-hack-a-rival-s-secret-codes-then-post.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
3. [The BBC apologises to clothing retailer Primark for a ''Panorama'' documentary showing boys in a Bangalore clothing workshop. ](/news/2011/06/16/the-bbc-apologises-to-clothing-retailer-primark-for-a-panorama-documentary-showing-boys-in-a-bangalore-clothing-workshop.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
4. [FIFA controversy:FIFA Vice-President and CAF President Issa Hayatou denies allegations of bribery and threatens to sue the BBC after its ''Panorama'' programme alleges he received bribes from sports marketing firm ISL. ](/news/2010/11/30/fifa-controversy-pfifa-vice-president-and-caf-president-issa-hayatou-denies-allegations-of-bribery-and-threatens-to-sue-the-bbc-after-its.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
5. [The BBC ''Panorama'' programme accuses Nicolas Leoz, Issa Hayatou and Ricardo Teixeira, three senior FIFA officials due to vote on the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup bids, of accepting bribes in the 1990s. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-bbc-panorama-programme-accuses-nicola-s-la-c-oz-issa-hayatou-and-ricardo-teixeira-three-senior-fifa-officials-due-to-vote-on-the-201.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
6. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [The academic Phil Scraton refuses an OBE granted to him by Elizabeth II in her 2017 New Year Honours list for his work on the Hillsborough disaster. Professor Scraton wrote ''Hillsborough: The Truth'', first published in 1990 and seen as the definitive account of the disaster. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-academic-phil-scraton-refuses-an-obe-granted-to-him-by-elizabeth-ii-in-her-2017-new-year-honours-list-for-his-work-on-the-hillsborough-d.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
8. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [An inquest into the Hillsborough Disaster in 1989 when 96 fans of Liverpool FC were killed finds the fans were illegally killed. ](/news/2016/04/26/an-inquest-into-the-hillsborough-disaster-in-1989-when-96-fans-of-liverpool-fc-were-killed-finds-the-fans-were-illegally-killed.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
