### [2015-05-1](/news/2015/05/1/index.md)

# French President Francois Hollande promises to investigate claims that French Army soldiers were involved in sexual child abuse in the Central African Republic. 

President Francois Hollande warns of consequences if the allegations about abuse in the Central African Republic are true. The U.N. worker who publicly revealed the abuse has been suspended.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2015/04/30/403285926/france-investigates-claims-its-soldiers-abused-children-in-africa)

### Related:

1. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
2. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
3. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
4. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
5. [French actresses Marion Cotillard and Melanie Laurent, and French President Francois Hollande begin their two-day state visit to the Philippines, where they are to discuss climate change. ](/news/2015/02/26/french-actresses-marion-cotillard-and-ma-c-lanie-laurent-and-french-president-franassois-hollande-begin-their-two-day-state-visit-to-the-phili.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
6. [In a joint ceremony at the Hartmannswillerkopf cemetery, French President Francois Hollande and his German counterpart, Joachim Gauck, commemorate the 100th anniversary of Germany's declaration of war on France in the beginning of World War I. ](/news/2014/08/3/in-a-joint-ceremony-at-the-hartmannswillerkopf-cemetery-french-president-franassois-hollande-and-his-german-counterpart-joachim-gauck-comm.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
7. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: Central-African, France_
8. [France announces it will increase the number of its soldiers deployed in the Central African Republic as sectarian violence worsens. ](/news/2014/02/14/france-announces-it-will-increase-the-number-of-its-soldiers-deployed-in-the-central-african-republic-as-sectarian-violence-worsens.md) _Context: Central-African, France_
9. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:France expands its role in the conflict in the Central African Republic.  ](/news/2013/12/7/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-pfrance-expands-its-role-in-the-conflict-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central-African, France_
10. [2013 Central African Republic coup d'tat:The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/2013-central-african-republic-coup-d-etat-pthe-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-african.md) _Context: Central-African, French Army_
