### [2016-11-3](/news/2016/11/3/index.md)

# European migration crisis. November 2016 Libya migrant shipwrecks. The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. 

More than 4,000 people have died this year trying to cross the Mediterranean to reach Europe. 


### Source:

1. [ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-11-04/un-says-240-asylum-seekers-drowned-off-libyan-coast/7994674)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/11/03/over-200-migrants-believed-drowned-mediterranean/93229370/)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
2. [Libyan Civil War. An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
4. [Libyan Civil War. In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
5. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
6. [Libyan Civil War. Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/libyan-civil-war-delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. ](/news/2015/12/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-martin-kobler-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-announces-the-country-s-two-rival-parliaments-agreement-to.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United Nations envoy for Libya, Bernardino Leon, proposes a government of national unity for Libya led by Fayez Sarraj as Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/10/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-nations-envoy-for-libya-bernardino-lea3n-proposes-a-government-of-national-unity-for-libya-l.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations says detainees from Libya's civil war are being tortured. ](/news/2012/01/26/the-united-nations-says-detainees-from-libya-s-civil-war-are-being-tortured.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
