### [2012-03-20](/news/2012/03/20/index.md)

# Human Rights Watch raises claims of serious human rights abuses in a clash between Myanmar Armed Forces and the Kachin Independence Army in a dispute in Kachin State that has displaced approximately 75,000 people. 

REUTERS - Troops in Myanmar have murdered, tortured and raped civilians since fighting with separatists flared up around nine months ago in northern Kachin S


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2012/03/20/myanmar-conflict-idINDEE82J02320120320)

### Related:

1. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity," by closing the country off to critics. Later, the Israel government would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-call.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
2. [Internal conflict in Myanmar. At least 8 people are killed and more than a dozen others are injured following an attack on Tatmadaw checkpoints, police outposts and the 105th Mile Trade Center by several insurgent groups in Muse, Shan State. The State Counselor's office issues a statement claiming that the Kachin Independence Army, Ta'ang National Liberation Army and Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army were involved in the attack. ](/news/2016/11/20/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-at-least-8-people-are-killed-and-more-than-a-dozen-others-are-injured-following-an-attack-on-tatmadaw-checkpoi.md) _Context: Kachin Independence Army_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
4. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Human rights activists, lawyers, labor rights groups and other advocates endorse Leni Robredo for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/23/philippine-presidential-election-2016-human-rights-activists-lawyers-labor-rights-groups-and-other-advocates-endorse-leni-robredo-for-vi.md) _Context: Human rights_
6. [Anders Behring Breivik, a convicted mass murderer in the 2011 Norway attacks, wins a human rights case against the government of Norway. ](/news/2016/04/20/anders-behring-breivik-a-convicted-mass-murderer-in-the-2011-norway-attacks-wins-a-human-rights-case-against-the-government-of-norway.md) _Context: Human rights_
7. [European migrant crisis. European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [Hamas reports it has executed one of its commanders, Mahmoud Eshtewi, for -moral and behavioral violations.- Human Rights Watch, contacted by Eshtewi-s family, had been monitoring the case. ](/news/2016/02/7/hamas-reports-it-has-executed-one-of-its-commanders-mahmoud-eshtewi-for-moral-and-behavioral-violations-human-rights-watch-contact.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [2015 Zaria Shia Massacre. Human Rights Watch (HRW) reports Nigeria-s military has quickly buried the corpses of at least 300 Shia Muslims killed during raids at the house of Ibrahim Zakzaky in Zaria earlier in December. ](/news/2015/12/24/2015-zaria-shia-massacre-human-rights-watch-hrw-reports-nigeria-s-military-has-quickly-buried-the-corpses-of-at-least-300-shia-muslims.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
10. [The European Union warns Thailand that the country needs to quickly address the human rights and slavery issues in its seafood industry if it wants to avoid an EU import ban. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-european-union-warns-thailand-that-the-country-needs-to-quickly-address-the-human-rights-and-slavery-issues-in-its-seafood-industry-if-i.md) _Context: Human rights_
