### [2009-05-31](/news/2009/05/31/index.md)

#  At least 72 protesters are arrested after battling with the National Police Agency in Seoul, South Korea. 

More than 72 people were arrested during clashes with riot police in the wake of the funeral service for former President Roh Moo-hyun, police said.


### Source:

1. [The Korea Times](http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2009/05/113_45981.html)

### Related:

1. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the infamous "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: National Police, South Korea_
2. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
3. [As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-h.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
4. [South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye-s-influence-peddling.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
5. [A gas explosion at a subway construction site near the South Korean capital Seoul kills four workers and injures ten more. ](/news/2016/06/1/a-gas-explosion-at-a-subway-construction-site-near-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-kills-four-workers-and-injures-ten-more.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
6. [A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country-defect-en-masse-to-south-korea-according-to-seoul-s-ministry.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
7. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
8. [The Seoul Central District Court fines two South Korean baseball players Seung-hwan Oh and Lim Chang-yong for illegal gambling in Macau. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-seoul-central-district-court-fines-two-south-korean-baseball-players-seung-hwan-oh-and-lim-chang-yong-for-illegal-gambling-in-macau.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
9. [South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-the-unidentified-flyin.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
10. [South Korea announces that  Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a  final settlement concerning sex slavery  during World War II. ''The Nikkei'' reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/PS556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and  is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-tow.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
