### [2012-08-17](/news/2012/08/17/index.md)

# The death toll following yesterday's clash between South African police and Lonmin striking miners in Marikana, Rustenburg, rises to 34. South African President Jacob Zuma announces an inquiry. 

Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa says more than 30 people were killed in a shooting between police and miners in Marikana, Rustenburg.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-19301690)
2. [Mail and Guardian](http://mg.co.za/article/2012-08-17-lonmins-burning-25-people-killed-in-shootout)

### Related:

1. [Workers say a miner is killed by a police rubber bullet near Rustenburg. A National Union of Mineworkers branch leader of Lonmin is killed at his house in Marikana, South Africa. ](/news/2012/10/5/workers-say-a-miner-is-killed-by-a-police-rubber-bullet-near-rustenburg-a-national-union-of-mineworkers-branch-leader-of-lonmin-is-killed-a.md) _Context: Lonmin, Marikana, Rustenburg_
2. [Lonmin shares are slightly up on hopes of talks. Solidarity, a major trade union, does not share the optimism yet. A new shooting today at a gold mine in Johannesburg wounds at least four. South Africa conditionally releases 162 of the 270 miners who were detained for killing their fellow miners at Marikana last month. ](/news/2012/09/3/lonmin-shares-are-slightly-up-on-hopes-of-talks-solidarity-a-major-trade-union-does-not-share-the-optimism-yet-a-new-shooting-today-at-a.md) _Context: Lonmin, Marikana, the shooting of 34 miners_
3. [The miners' strike movement in South Africa extends to Anglo Platinum in Rustenburg. At least 45 people have died in the ongoing Lonmin Marikana miners' strike. ](/news/2012/09/12/the-miners-strike-movement-in-south-africa-extends-to-anglo-platinum-in-rustenburg-at-least-45-people-have-died-in-the-ongoing-lonmin-mari.md) _Context: Lonmin, Rustenburg, the shooting of 34 miners_
4. [Around 10,000 South African miners demonstrate at the Lonmin mines in Marikana (''Rooikoppies''), Rustenburg, Bojanala Platinum district, North West province. Fifteen thousand miners strike at the Gold Fields KDC West Driefontein mine. ](/news/2012/09/10/around-10-000-south-african-miners-demonstrate-at-the-lonmin-mines-in-marikana-rooikoppies-rustenburg-bojanala-platinum-district-no.md) _Context: Lonmin, Marikana_
5. [Over 50,000 people participate in the ongoing Democratic Alliance protests in South Africa against President Jacob Zuma. ](/news/2017/04/7/over-50-000-people-participate-in-the-ongoing-democratic-alliance-protests-in-south-africa-against-president-jacob-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
6. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
7. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
8. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
9. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
10. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
