### [2003-06-4](/news/2003/06/4/index.md)

#  Martha Stewart is indicted by a federal grand jury on nine criminal counts including securities fraud, obstruction of justice, and conspiracy in the U.S. government's investigation of her possible insider trading of ImClone Systems stock in December 2001. Just hours after this, she announces that she will quit as chairman and CEO of her company.




### Related:

1. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted, obstruction of justice_
2. [ ImClone Systems founder Sam Waksal pleaded guilty to bank fraud and conspiracy in an insider trading scandal that threatens Martha Stewart and her home decorating empire.](/news/2002/10/15/imclone-systems-founder-sam-waksal-pleaded-guilty-to-bank-fraud-and-conspiracy-in-an-insider-trading-scandal-that-threatens-martha-stewart.md) _Context: ImClone Systems, Martha Stewart, insider trading_
3. [Protests erupt in New York City after a grand jury decides not to indict any police officers in the death of Garner. ](/news/2014/12/4/protests-erupt-in-new-york-city-after-a-grand-jury-decides-not-to-indict-any-police-officers-in-the-death-of-garner.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
4. [A Federal grand jury indicts eleven members of a firearms trafficking ring based in Columbus, New Mexico including the mayor and police chief. ](/news/2011/03/10/a-federal-grand-jury-indicts-eleven-members-of-a-firearms-trafficking-ring-based-in-columbus-new-mexico-including-the-mayor-and-police-chie.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
5. [ Zimbabwe replaces a treason charge against Deputy Agriculture Minister-designate Roy Bennett with "conspiring to acquire arms with a view to disrupting essential services." ](/news/2009/02/15/zimbabwe-replaces-a-treason-charge-against-deputy-agriculture-minister-designate-roy-bennett-with-conspiring-to-acquire-arms-with-a-view-t.md) _Context: conspiracy, indicted_
6. [ Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Chief of Staff to U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney, resigns after being indicted for perjury and obstruction of justice by a grand jury. ](/news/2005/10/28/lewis-scooter-libby-chief-of-staff-to-u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-resigns-after-being-indicted-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justi.md) _Context: grand jury, obstruction of justice_
7. [ A federal grand jury in Providence, Rhode Island indicts Richard Hatch, winner of "Survivor: Pulau Tiga", for income tax evasion and fraud for allegedly failing to pay taxes on his winnings and misusing charity funds. ](/news/2005/09/9/a-federal-grand-jury-in-providence-rhode-island-indicts-richard-hatch-winner-of-survivor-pulau-tiga-for-income-tax-evasion-and-fraud.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
8. [Former pharmaceutical company executive Martin Shkreli is convicted of three counts of securities fraud in a federal court in Brooklyn, New York.](/news/2017/08/4/former-pharmaceutical-company-executive-martin-shkreli-is-convicted-of-three-counts-of-securities-fraud-in-a-federal-court-in-brooklyn-new.md) _Context: securities fraud_
9. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: grand jury_
10. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
