### [2003-06-4](/news/2003/06/4/index.md)

#  Road map for peace: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon promises to dismantle illegal settlements in the West Bank, while new Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas renounces all terrorism against Israel.




### Related:

1. [President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas speaks of the possibility of dissolving the Authority if Israel continues its construction on occupied Palestinian land in the West Bank, saying there is little point remaining "the president of an authority that doesn't exist". ](/news/2010/12/4/president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-speaks-of-the-possibility-of-dissolving-the-authority-if-israel-continues-its-construct.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
2. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
3. [The Israeli settlement freeze ends at 22.00 (GMT), should Israel restart construction of buildings on the West Bank the peace talks with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas are expected to end. ](/news/2010/09/26/the-israeli-settlement-freeze-ends-at-22-00-gmt-should-israel-restart-construction-of-buildings-on-the-west-bank-the-peace-talks-with-pal.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
4. [Mahmoud Abbas addresses the United Nations General Assembly, where he states that Palestinians desire "a comprehensive and just" peace agreement and requests that Israel cease its policy of building settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/25/mahmoud-abbas-addresses-the-united-nations-general-assembly-where-he-states-that-palestinians-desire-a-comprehensive-and-just-peace-agree.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
5. [ Israel begins the Gaza Strip pullout plan. The Kissufim Roadblock was shut down at midnight between August 14 and August 15. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hailed the move as "historic" but said Israel should also pull out of the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/15/israel-begins-the-gaza-strip-pullout-plan-the-kissufim-roadblock-was-shut-down-at-midnight-between-august-14-and-august-15-palestinian-le.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
6. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2005/02/6/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-israel-to-meet-with-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-authority-preside.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm. Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
