### [2005-12-22](/news/2005/12/22/index.md)

#  Acetylene and hydrogen cyanide, precursors to life's basic ingredients (DNA and proteins), are found around a star in the constellation Ophiuchus. 

Space.com: Astronomers find some of the basic compounds necessary to build organic molecules and proteins found in DNA within the inner regions of a planet-forming disk.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/10550906/)
2. [NASA JPL](http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news.cfm?release=2005-175)

### Related:

1. [The journal ''Genes & Development'' publishes research from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in a mouse-model study (which may translate over to humans) alluding as to why hair turns gray and goes bald. The scientists describe a protein called KROX20 which switches on skin cells that become a hair shaft, which then causes cells to produce another protein called stem cell factor. In mice, these two proteins are important for baldness and graying. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-journal-genes-development-publishes-research-from-the-university-of-texas-southwestern-medical-center-in-a-mouse-model-study-whic.md) _Context: protein_
2. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: life_
3. [The oldest fossil (stromatolite) that had life is discovered in the melting snow at the Isua Greenstone Belt of Greenland. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-oldest-fossil-stromatolite-that-had-life-is-discovered-in-the-melting-snow-at-the-isua-greenstone-belt-of-greenland.md) _Context: life_
4. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: DNA_
5. [Russian billionaire businessman Alisher Usmanov who bought the 1962 Nobel gold medal of scientist James Watson says that he is donating it back to Watson as a gift because the "discovery of DNA structure must belong to him". ](/news/2014/12/10/russian-billionaire-businessman-alisher-usmanov-who-bought-the-1962-nobel-gold-medal-of-scientist-james-watson-says-that-he-is-donating-it-b.md) _Context: DNA_
6. [X-ray astronomers find evidence of a black hole at the center of a dwarf galaxy gobbling up a star; this is the first such event ever filmed. ](/news/2014/01/11/x-ray-astronomers-find-evidence-of-a-black-hole-at-the-center-of-a-dwarf-galaxy-gobbling-up-a-star-this-is-the-first-such-event-ever-filmed.md) _Context: star_
7. [Deciding ''Maryland v. King'', the United States Supreme Court rules that police have the right to collect DNA samples from criminal suspects without their consent. ](/news/2013/06/3/deciding-maryland-v-king-the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-police-have-the-right-to-collect-dna-samples-from-criminal-suspect.md) _Context: DNA_
8. [In a study by SUNY Buffalo, it is discovered that ''Utricularia gibba'', a carnivorous bladderwort plant, has the shortest known DNA sequence of any multicellular plant and that it lacks "junk DNA", sequences of code that do not encode proteins. ](/news/2013/05/12/in-a-study-by-suny-buffalo-it-is-discovered-that-utricularia-gibba-a-carnivorous-bladderwort-plant-has-the-shortest-known-dna-sequenc.md) _Context: DNA_
9. [Boston Marathon bombings:Prosecutors discuss a plea deal (avoidance of the death penalty in exchange for a likely sentence of life in prison without parole) for the surviving Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Police have taken DNA from Tamerlan Tsarnaev's wife and are exploring the brothers' connection to two deceased Russian extremists. ](/news/2013/04/29/boston-marathon-bombings-pprosecutors-discuss-a-plea-deal-avoidance-of-the-death-penalty-in-exchange-for-a-likely-sentence-of-life-in-priso.md) _Context: DNA_
10. [Two Earth-like planets, Kepler-62e and Kepler-62f, are discovered cirulating around the star Kepler-62 in the habitable zone. ](/news/2013/04/18/two-earth-like-planets-kepler-62e-and-kepler-62f-are-discovered-cirulating-around-the-star-kepler-62-in-the-habitable-zone.md) _Context: star_
