### [2005-12-22](/news/2005/12/22/index.md)

#  India's most advanced INSAT-4A telecommunication satellite is successfully launched by the EADS SPACE Transportation generic rocket, Ariane 5, from the spaceport of Kourou in French Guiana. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4551638.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Ariane 5 rocket carrying the new generation Skynet 5 military satellite system is launched successfully from Kourou in French Guiana at 22:03 GMT. ](/news/2007/03/11/the-ariane-5-rocket-carrying-the-new-generation-skynet-5-military-satellite-system-is-launched-successfully-from-kourou-in-french-guiana-at.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana, Kourou_
2. [First flight of the ESC-A variant of the Ariane 5 is a failure, with the rocket and the two communications satellites it was carrying destroyed a few minutes after lift-off from Kourou, French Guiana.](/news/2002/12/11/first-flight-of-the-esc-a-variant-of-the-ariane-5-is-a-failure-with-the-rocket-and-the-two-communications-satellites-it-was-carrying-destro.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana, Kourou_
3. [Azerbaijan's first satellite Azerspace-1 is launched aboard an Ariane 5 launch rocket in French Guiana. ](/news/2013/02/7/azerbaijan-s-first-satellite-azerspace-1-is-launched-aboard-an-ariane-5-launch-rocket-in-french-guiana.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
4. [French very-high-resolution optical Earth-imaging satellite Pleiades-HR 1B is launched successfully via a Russian Soyuz STA rocket out of the Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, French Guiana. ](/news/2012/12/2/french-very-high-resolution-optical-earth-imaging-satellite-pla-c-iades-hr-1b-is-launched-successfully-via-a-russian-soyuz-sta-rocket-out-of-t.md) _Context: French Guiana, Kourou_
5. [ An Ariane 5 rocket launches the first Automated Transfer Vehicle, ''Jules Verne'', from the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. The spaceship will rendezvous with and provide supplies to the International Space Station on March 29. ](/news/2008/03/9/an-ariane-5-rocket-launches-the-first-automated-transfer-vehicle-jules-verne-from-the-guiana-space-centre-in-french-guiana-the-space.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
6. [ A heavy-lift ''Ariane 5'' rocket blasts off from French Guiana putting into orbit two telecommunications satellites, Astra 1L and Galaxy 17. ](/news/2007/05/4/a-heavy-lift-ariane-5-rocket-blasts-off-from-french-guiana-putting-into-orbit-two-telecommunications-satellites-astra-1l-and-galaxy-17.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
7. [ The launch of the European Space Agency's latest Ariane 5 mission from French Guiana, carrying a platform for the Skynet 5 military satellite system for use by the UK Ministry of Defence, is postponed due to a minor technical failure ](/news/2007/03/10/the-launch-of-the-european-space-agency-s-latest-ariane-5-mission-from-french-guiana-carrying-a-platform-for-the-skynet-5-military-satelli.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
8. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
