### [2005-12-22](/news/2005/12/22/index.md)

#  Judge Richard Fred Suhrheinrich of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, arguing that the US Constitution does not include "a wall of separation between church and state," denies a claim by the ACLU, thereby approving the continued display of the Ten Commandments in a Kentucky courthouse. 

A chief provider and curator of Catholic information on the web since 1996. Our editorial voice, always faithful to the teachings of the Church, assists and inspires Catholic clergy and laity.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.kentucky.com/mld/kentucky/news/local/13453457.htm)
2. [Catholic World News](http://www.cwnews.com/news/viewstory.cfm?recnum=41403)
3. [Cincinnati Enquirer](http://news.enquirer.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20051221/NEWS01/512210356/1056)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.catholicculture.org/images/social/fb/CatholicCulture.png)

### Related:

1. [A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in-home-filtration-to.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
2. [The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denies Kim Davis' request to have same-sex marriage licenses delayed, but does not toss out her appeal entirely. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-sixth-circuit-denies-kim-davis-request-to-have-same-sex-marriage-licenses-delayed-but-does-not-toss-out.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
3. [In a 6-2 ruling, the Supreme Court of the United States finds that a ban on affirmative action through a state constitutional amendment is permissible under the U.S. Constitution, overturning an appeals court ruling. ](/news/2014/04/22/in-a-6-2-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-finds-that-a-ban-on-affirmative-action-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-is-p.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
4. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: ACLU_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit rules against a First Amendment free speech challenge to a regulation by the Food and Drug Administration requiring that tobacco companies put graphic images on their cigarette packaging. The imagery is designed to discourage smoking. ](/news/2012/03/19/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-sixth-circuit-rules-against-a-first-amendment-free-speech-challenge-to-a-regulation-by-the-food-a.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
6. [A US Federal Appeals Court overturns the Michigan Civil Rights Initiative banning the use of race and gender preferences in college admissions and government hiring and contracting in the US state of Michigan. ](/news/2011/07/1/a-us-federal-appeals-court-overturns-the-michigan-civil-rights-initiative-banning-the-use-of-race-and-gender-preferences-in-college-admissio.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
7. [Roger Vinson of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida rules that the Health insurance mandate of President Barack Obama's health care reforms are unconstitutional. ](/news/2011/01/31/roger-vinson-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-florida-rules-that-the-health-insurance-mandate-of-president-b.md) _Context: unconstitutional_
8. [ An ACLU lawsuit challenges gag orders in National Security Letters. ](/news/2008/09/1/an-aclu-lawsuit-challenges-gag-orders-in-national-security-letters.md) _Context: ACLU_
9. [ A United States Appeals Court in Cincinnati, Ohio rules that the U.S. government can continue to use its warrantless domestic wiretap program pending the Justice Department's appeal of a federal judge's ruling outlawing the program. ](/news/2006/10/4/a-united-states-appeals-court-in-cincinnati-ohio-rules-that-the-u-s-government-can-continue-to-use-its-warrantless-domestic-wiretap-progr.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
10. [ A former secret U.S. military investigative report on Guantanamo Bay is revealed to conclude there is no evidence of systemic detainee abuse but cited several cases of questionable physical force documented on videotape. Prisoners released have stated abuse is commonplace, and one former U.S. National Guardsman received brain damage after being beaten while posing undercover as a rowdy detainee. All Freedom of Information Act requests by the ACLU for video and photographs depicting detainee treatment have been denied. ](/news/2005/02/2/a-former-secret-u-s-military-investigative-report-on-guantanamo-bay-is-revealed-to-conclude-there-is-no-evidence-of-systemic-detainee-abus.md) _Context: ACLU_
