### [2012-06-29](/news/2012/06/29/index.md)

# A controversial beauty pageant for survivors of The Holocaust is held for the first time in the Israeli city of Haifa. Critics describe it as "offensive" and "macabre." 

A beauty pageant for Holocaust survivors has been held in Israel for the first time, stirring controversy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-18638941)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/miss-holocaust-survivor-crowned/)

### Related:

1. [Oldest men: The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/oldest-men-the-world-s-oldest-man-polish-israeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
2. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
3. [November 2016 Israel wildfires: Around 50,000 people are evacuated as fires rage throughout the Israeli city of Haifa. The Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan says at least half the fires are to due to arson. ](/news/2016/11/24/november-2016-israel-wildfires-around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-as-fires-rage-throughout-the-israeli-city-of-haifa-the-minister-of-publi.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
5. [At memorial services on Holocaust and Heroism Remembrance Day in Israel, thousands of Holocaust survivors and Israelis commemorate the Jews who died during the Holocaust. ](/news/2011/05/1/at-memorial-services-on-holocaust-and-heroism-remembrance-day-in-israel-thousands-of-holocaust-survivors-and-israelis-commemorate-the-jews.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
6. [At least 40 people are killed during a forest fire near Haifa in Israel. ](/news/2010/12/2/at-least-40-people-are-killed-during-a-forest-fire-near-haifa-in-israel.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
7. [ International Quds Day:: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
8. [ A car bomb is located and defused near a shopping mall in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2009/03/23/a-car-bomb-is-located-and-defused-near-a-shopping-mall-in-haifa-israel.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
9. [ An Israeli lawyer convicted of defrauding Holocaust survivors is arrested for planning to flee the country. ](/news/2009/02/16/an-israeli-lawyer-convicted-of-defrauding-holocaust-survivors-is-arrested-for-planning-to-flee-the-country.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
10. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis:: Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060729/Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730/20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)]: The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5229058.stm (BBC)]: More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/07/30/mideast.main/index.html (CNN)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5228224.stm (BBC)]: Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"]: 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]](/news/2006/07/30/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel_
