### [2012-06-29](/news/2012/06/29/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. 

Explosives in a Ford Ranger pickup parked in front of the municipal building blew up shortly after 11 a.m., causing injuries to bystanders and damaging vehicles, the prosecutors said. Since 2010, the scene of a bloody turf war between the Zetas criminal organization and their former masters the Gulf Cartel, Nuevo Laredo has seen violence increase this year as the west coast Sinaloa Cartel has joined the fray to wrest lucrative smuggling routes away from the Zetas. Pictures posted on social media showed the twisted wreckage of a pickup in front of the city hall and bloody victims being treated by paramedics.


### Source:

1. [San Antonio Express-News](http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local_news/article/Car-bomb-rocks-Nuevo-Laredo-3673813.php)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:: 15 mutilated bodies are found inside two abandoned SUVs in the state of Jalisco, a region that is under dispute between Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe the massacre is a response by Los Zetas for the 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres reportedly carried out by Joaquin Guzman Loera (a.k.a. "El Chapo"), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/05/9/mexican-drug-war-15-mutilated-bodies-are-found-inside-two-abandoned-suvs-in-the-state-of-jalisco-a-region-that-is-under-dispute-between-l.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel, much of the violence_
2. [Mexican Drug War: The dismembered remains of 7 bodies are found in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. The bodies are discovered along with a written message accusing the authorities of cooperating with the Sinaloa Cartel, suggesting that the message may have been written by Los Zetas. ](/news/2012/06/5/mexican-drug-war-the-dismembered-remains-of-7-bodies-are-found-in-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa-the-bodies-are-discovered-along-with-a-writ.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
3. [Mexican Drug War: 23 bodies-14 of them decapitated and 9 of them hanged from a bridge-are found in the Mexican city of Nuevo Laredo; those killed were reportedly members of the Gulf Cartel who were killed by Los Zetas, a rival cartel. ](/news/2012/05/4/mexican-drug-war-23-bodies-14-of-them-decapitated-and-9-of-them-hanged-from-a-bridge-are-found-in-the-mexican-city-of-nuevo-laredo-tho.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo_
4. [A car bomb exploded in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 10 police officers during the Mexican Drug War. The attack was believed to have been carried out by Los Zetas, one of Mexico's most powerful drug trafficking organizations. ](/news/2012/05/25/a-car-bomb-exploded-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-10-police-officers-during-the-mexican-drug-war-the-attack-was-beli.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo_
5. [Mexican Drug War: Gunmen open fire on an "El Maana" newspaper office in the border city of Nuevo Laredo, shortly after drug-related massacres in the city. ](/news/2012/05/11/mexican-drug-war-gunmen-open-fire-on-an-el-manana-newspaper-office-in-the-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-shortly-after-drug-related-massacr.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo, much of the violence_
6. [Mexican Drug War:: Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa. ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-galindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kill.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War:: High-ranking Sinaloa Cartel leader Gonzalo Inzunza Inzunza is killed in a shootout with the Mexican Navy in Puerto Peasco, Sonora. [http://www.debate.com.mx/eldebate/noticias/default.asp?IdArt=13860743&IdCat=17402&sl=2 "(El Debate)"]](/news/2013/12/18/mexican-drug-war-high-ranking-sinaloa-cartel-leader-gonzalo-inzunza-inzunza-is-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-mexican-navy-in-puerto-penasc.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
8. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Army captures Miguel Trevio Morales, the supreme leader of Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2013/07/15/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-captures-miguel-trevino-morales-the-supreme-leader-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy confirms that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the criminal organization Los Zetas, was killed in a shootout yesterday. The body is stolen by armed gunmen. ](/news/2012/10/9/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-confirms-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-criminal-organization-los-zetas-was-kille.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: Initial reports from the Mexican Navy indicate that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the most dangerous Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas, may have been killed in a shootout. The forensic tests are currently on their way to confirm his identity. ](/news/2012/10/8/mexican-drug-war-initial-reports-from-the-mexican-navy-indicate-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-most-dangerous-mexica.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
