### [2012-06-29](/news/2012/06/29/index.md)

# South Korea abruptly postpones signing a military treaty with Japan after opposition parties in Seoul accuse the government of trying to rush it without proper discussion. 

Faced with mounting political pressure, the South Korean government abruptly delayed the signing of its first military cooperation pact with Japan since World War II.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/30/world/asia/south-korea-postpones-military-data-pact-with-japan.html?_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, Seoul, South Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
5. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
6. [2016 South Korean protests. Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/2016-south-korean-protests-tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
7. [2016 South Korean protests. As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-south-korean-protests-as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignat.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
8. [Choi Soon-sil gate. South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/choi-soon-sil-gate-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
9. [A gas explosion at a subway construction site near the South Korean capital Seoul kills four workers and injures ten more. ](/news/2016/06/1/a-gas-explosion-at-a-subway-construction-site-near-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-kills-four-workers-and-injures-ten-more.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capabl.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
