### [2012-06-29](/news/2012/06/29/index.md)

# Syrian uprising (2011-present):Syrian President Bashar al-Assad states that Syria will not accept a foreign solution to their problem. 




### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://worldnews.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/06/29/12479205-assad-forces-bombard-northern-towns-as-170-tanks-mass-near-major-city-syrian-rebels-say?lite)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/06/201262817158947278.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):Syrian President Bashar al Assad accuses neighboring Turkey of supporting "terrorists" and contributing to the bloodshed in Syria. ](/news/2012/07/4/syrian-uprising-2011apresent-psyrian-president-bashar-al-assad-accuses-neighboring-turkey-of-supporting-terrorists-and-contributing-to.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian uprising (2011–present)_
2. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):Sporadic fighting continues in Tripoli, Lebanon, between supporters and opponents of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/06/3/syrian-uprising-2011apresent-psporadic-fighting-continues-in-tripoli-lebanon-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bash.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian uprising (2011–present)_
3. [Syrian uprising:President Bashar al-Assad declares that a state of war exists in Syria as fighting spills into Damascus. ](/news/2012/06/27/syrian-uprising-ppresident-bashar-al-assad-declares-that-a-state-of-war-exists-in-syria-as-fighting-spills-into-damascus.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian uprising (2011–present)_
4. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
5. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
6. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
7. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
8. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
9. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
10. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
