### [2010-04-5](/news/2010/04/5/index.md)

# A United Nations peacekeeper dies in Mbandaka, Equateur, Democratic Republic of Congo. 

Deaths follow clashes between government troops and tribal fighters in Mbandaka.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/04/20104535123779436.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua-luba-community-in-kasaa.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
2. [A United Nations Bombardier CRJ200 crashes at Bombardier CRJ200 in Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo killing 32 of 33 people on board. ](/news/2011/04/4/a-united-nations-bombardier-crj200-crashes-at-bombardier-crj200-in-kinshasa-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-killing-32-of-33-people-on-b.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
3. [ Fighting erupts in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, between Government troops and the personal militia of Jean-Pierre Bemba, defeated presidential candidate in 2006 and recently elected Senator. The Spanish embassy is caught in the crossfire, leading to its evacuation under United Nations guard. ](/news/2007/03/22/fighting-erupts-in-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-congo-between-government-troops-and-the-personal-militia-of-jean-pierre-bemba-defeate.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
4. [ The United Nations is looking at the allegations that some UN staff added false details to a UN document about the conflict of Rwanda and Democratic Republic of Congo. William Church, former UN employee and US intelligence analyst, says that some UN staff added false information about Rwandan military incursions to Congo last year. ](/news/2005/04/6/the-united-nations-is-looking-at-the-allegations-that-some-un-staff-added-false-details-to-a-un-document-about-the-conflict-of-rwanda-and-d.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
5. [ The United Nations fires one employee and suspends six others without pay for allegations of sexual abuse in the Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2005/03/18/the-united-nations-fires-one-employee-and-suspends-six-others-without-pay-for-allegations-of-sexual-abuse-in-the-democratic-republic-of-con.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
6. [ In the Democratic Republic of Congo, militia leader Floribert Ndjabu of Nationalist and Integrationist Front is reportedly arrested for the killing of nine Bangladeshi UN peacekeepers last week ](/news/2005/03/1/in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-militia-leader-floribert-ndjabu-of-nationalist-and-integrationist-front-is-reportedly-arrested-for-the.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
7. [ Militia members ambush and kill 9 UN Bangladeshi peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2005/02/25/militia-members-ambush-and-kill-9-un-bangladeshi-peacekeepers-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
8. [ In the Democratic Republic of Congo, six Moroccan UN peacekeepers are arrested for alleged sexual abuse of young girls. ](/news/2005/02/14/in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-six-moroccan-un-peacekeepers-are-arrested-for-alleged-sexual-abuse-of-young-girls.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
