### [2008-07-30](/news/2008/07/30/index.md)

#  Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is flown to The Hague to face a trial in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7532281.stm)

### Related:

1. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic, The Hague_
2. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
3. [ Radovan Karadzic, former Bosnian Serb leader, announces that he will defend himself at his trial for war crimes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/31/radovan-karada3-4ia-former-bosnian-serb-leader-announces-that-he-will-defend-himself-at-his-trial-for-war-crimes-at-the-international-crim.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
4. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
5. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
6. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
7. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
8. [Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic makes his first appearance at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands, and dismisses charges against him as "obnoxious." ](/news/2011/06/3/bosnian-serb-genocide-suspect-ratko-mladia-makes-his-first-appearance-at-the-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-netherlands-and-dismisses-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
9. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, The Hague_
10. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague orders the retrial of former Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj after stating his first trial was marred by witness intimidation. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-orders-the-retrial-of-former-kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
