### [2008-07-30](/news/2008/07/30/index.md)

#  In the United Kingdom, the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords rejects an appeal by alleged British computer hacker Gary McKinnon against extradition to the United States to face charges of hacking into Pentagon and NASA computers. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/07/30/AR2008073000593.html)

### Related:

1. [ All pleas to halt British hacker Gary McKinnon being extradited to the United States to face trial for breaking into NASA and military computers looking for UFO evidence fail as UK Home Secretary orders his extradition. ](/news/2009/11/26/all-pleas-to-halt-british-hacker-gary-mckinnon-being-extradited-to-the-united-states-to-face-trial-for-breaking-into-nasa-and-military-comp.md) _Context: Gary McKinnon, NASA, United Kingdom, hackers_
2. [ Briton Gary McKinnon, accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation, loses his court appeal to have his case heard in Britain, and faces extradition to the United States. ](/news/2009/07/31/briton-gary-mckinnon-accused-of-carrying-out-the-biggest-ever-u-s-military-hacking-operation-loses-his-court-appeal-to-have-his-case-hea.md) _Context: Gary McKinnon, U.S., United Kingdom, extradited_
3. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom, extradited_
4. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom, hackers_
5. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom, extradited_
6. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
7. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
8. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
9. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
10. [The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch-complex-41-in-florida.md) _Context: NASA, U.S._
