### [2008-07-30](/news/2008/07/30/index.md)

#  The United States Food and Drug Administration finds the salmonella strain responsible for the 2008 United States salmonellosis outbreak in irrigation water at a serrano pepper at a farm in Nuevo Leon, Mexico. 

A strain of the salmonella bacteria that sickened more than 1,300 people has been found in a serrano pepper and a sample of irrigation water at a farm in Mexico, U.S. health officials said...


### Source:

1. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-salmonella31-2008jul31,1,887678.story)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration finds the same salmonella strain responsible for the 2008 United States salmonellosis outbreak in Mexican-grown jalapeno peppers. ](/news/2008/07/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-finds-the-same-salmonella-strain-responsible-for-the-2008-united-states-salmonellosis-outbre.md) _Context: 2008 United States salmonellosis outbreak, Mexico, salmonella_
2. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-that-mexico-would-pay-for-any-border-wall.md) _Context: Mexico, U.S._
3. [President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that-would-save-around-1-000-jobs-at-an-indian.md) _Context: Mexico, Nuevo Leon_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico, U.S._
5. [Due to concerns about an increasingly anti-Mexican climate across the border, Mexico unexpectedly changes two of its top officials responsible for U.S. relations. Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu told local media, "We have been warning that our citizens have begun to feel a more hostile climate. This (anti-Mexican) rhetoric has made it clear that we have to act in a different way so that this tendency being generated doesn't damage the bilateral relationship." ](/news/2016/04/5/due-to-concerns-about-an-increasingly-anti-mexican-climate-across-the-border-mexico-unexpectedly-changes-two-of-its-top-officials-responsib.md) _Context: Mexico, U.S._
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patie.md) _Context: FDA, U.S._
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: FDA, U.S._
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: FDA, U.S._
9. [A Pew Research Center report finds, from  2009 to 2014, more Mexicans, including unauthorized immigrants, are leaving the United States than entering it. An increasing share of Mexicans says life north of the border is neither better nor worse than life in Mexico. ](/news/2015/11/19/a-pew-research-center-report-finds-from-2009-to-2014-more-mexicans-including-unauthorized-immigrants-are-leaving-the-united-states-than.md) _Context: Mexico, U.S._
10. [Mexican authorities arrest American Paul Erven Jackson for kidnapping and torturing two women in Oregon after more than 24 years on the run. ](/news/2015/09/30/mexican-authorities-arrest-american-paul-erven-jackson-for-kidnapping-and-torturing-two-women-in-oregon-after-more-than-24-years-on-the-run.md) _Context: Mexico, U.S._
