### [2017-03-26](/news/2017/03/26/index.md)

# Authorities detain hundreds of people, including Alexei Navalny, at anti-corruption protests across Russia. 

Russian police detained opposition leader Alexei Navalny in central Moscow on Sunday at a rally which Navalny had called to protest against corruption.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-protests-idUSKBN16X0G8)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-protests-navalny-idUSKBN16X0HR)

### Related:

1. [Russia's leading opposition activists Boris Nemtsov, Alexei Navalny, Ilya Yashin are jailed for 7-10 days for disobeying a police officer while protesting against the Bolotnaya square case. The previous day, in Moscow police detained over 400 people, including Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina. ](/news/2014/02/25/russia-s-leading-opposition-activists-boris-nemtsov-alexei-navalny-ilya-yashin-are-jailed-for-7-10-days-for-disobeying-a-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Alexei Navalny, Russia_
2. [Prominent Russian opposition figure Alexei Navalny registers himself to stand in September's vote for Moscow mayor. ](/news/2013/07/10/prominent-russian-opposition-figure-alexei-navalny-registers-himself-to-stand-in-september-s-vote-for-moscow-mayor.md) _Context: Alexei Navalny, Russia_
3. [Russian police with assault rifles in an early morning raid swoop on the homes of opposition political activists, including Alexei Navalny, Ilya Yashin and Sergei Udaltsov, intent on attending a mass opposition rally in Moscow tomorrow; they are summoned to appear in court instead. ](/news/2012/06/11/russian-police-with-assault-rifles-in-an-early-morning-raid-swoop-on-the-homes-of-opposition-political-activists-including-alexei-navalny.md) _Context: Alexei Navalny, Russia_
4. [Russian blogger Alexei Navalny and opposition leader Ilya Yashin are released. ](/news/2011/12/21/russian-blogger-alexei-navalny-and-opposition-leader-ilya-yashin-are-released.md) _Context: Alexei Navalny, Russia_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
