### [2017-03-19](/news/2017/03/19/index.md)

# New Zealand expels an unnamed United States diplomat after the embassy refused to waive his immunity during a police investigation. 

The staffer was asked to leave after the US embassy refused to allow police to question him.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39321568)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/29B0/production/_95227601_14f5f4c9-9abb-47bb-9015-48e0a57426e7.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: New Zealand, U.S._
2. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: New Zealand, U.S._
3. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: New Zealand, U.S._
4. [ After deliberating for 22 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopts the non-binding Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; 143 countries vote in favour, while 11 abstain and Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States vote against. ](/news/2007/09/13/after-deliberating-for-22-years-the-united-nations-general-assembly-adopts-the-non-binding-declaration-on-the-rights-of-indigenous-peoples.md) _Context: New Zealand, U.S._
5. [ A Yemeni man, linked to the September 11, 2001 attacks in the United States, has been deported from New Zealand. It is only the second time that section 72 of the Immigration Act, which deals with threats to national security, has been used to deport someone. Its use requires the consent of the Governor-General, and there is no right of appeal. ](/news/2006/06/10/a-yemeni-man-linked-to-the-september-11-2001-attacks-in-the-united-states-has-been-deported-from-new-zealand-it-is-only-the-second-time.md) _Context: New Zealand, U.S._
6. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Voters in New Zealand go to the polls, electing all members of their House of Representatives and the consequent Prime Minister. Opinion polling predicts that the long-incumbent National Party, led by Bill English since December 2016, will face its strongest challenge in years, as support for the Labour Party has surged since Jacinda Ardern became party leader seven weeks ago. ](/news/2017/09/23/voters-in-new-zealand-go-to-the-polls-electing-all-members-of-their-house-of-representatives-and-the-consequent-prime-minister-opinion-pol.md) _Context: New Zealand_
9. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: U.S._
