
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-verbally-po.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-verbally-po.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-verbally-po.xml)  

### [2017-12-5](/news/2017/12/5/index.md)

##### Ukrainian crisis
# As police arrive at the stateless Mikheil Saakashvili's house in Kiev to detain him, Saakashvili goes up on the roof to protest verbally. Police then detain him and try to take him away in a blue minivan while hundreds of people block the street. Finally the supporters free him out of the van. Bespeeching the cameras again, he rails against corruption, against Petro Poroshenko and urges Ukrainians to "be afraid of nothing". 

Crowds of supporters demonstrate as anti-corruption campaigner is taken away by police from his home in Kiev


### Sources:

1. [Interfax Ukraine](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/467130.html)
2. [Interfax Ukraine](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/467179.html)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-saakashvili/saakashvili-supporters-free-him-from-police-van-after-detention-in-kiev-idUSKBN1DZ0VU)
4. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/dec/05/former-georgian-president-mikheil-saakashvili-is-detained-in-ukraine)
5. [U.S. News & World Report](https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2017-12-05/former-georgian-president-saakashvili-detained-in-kiev)
5. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/2624df30b3d9b93fca44a04eb9b2b100e12f67dd/0_63_3005_1803/master/3005.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=931d1090941cd0a7d11bd3d3281a7174)

### Changes:

1. [ As police arrive at the stateless Mikheil Saakashvili's house in Kiev to detain him, Saakashvili goes up on the roof to protest verbally. Police then detain him and try to take him away in a blue minivan while hundreds of people block the street. Finally the supporters free him out of the van. Speeching again, he urges Ukrainians to "be afraid of nothing". ](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-verbally-p.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (First version)_
2. [As police arrive at the stateless Mikheil Saakashvili's house in Kiev to detain him, Saakashvili goes up on the roof to protest. Police then detain him and try to take him away in a blue minivan while hundreds of people block the street. Prosecutor General of Ukraine Yuriy Lutsenko claims in a briefing that Saakashvili received $500,000 from the fugitive Serhiy Kurchenko for his activities in Ukraine. ](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-police-then.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
3. [ As police arrive at the stateless Mikheil Saakashvili's house in Kiev to detain him, Saakashvili goes up on the roof to protest. Police then detain him and try to take him away in a blue minivan while hundreds of people block the street. Finally the supporters free him out of the van. Speeching again, he urges Ukrainians to "be afraid of nothing". ](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-police-the.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
4. [As police arrive at Mikheil Saakashvili's house in Kiev to detain him, Saakashvili goes up on the roof to protest. Police then take him away while hundreds of people are on the street. A source in the judiciary says a notice of suspicion is being prepared. ](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-police-then-take-him-away.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
4. [As police arrive at the stateless Mikheil Saakashvili's house in Kiev to detain him, Saakashvili goes up on the roof to protest verbally. Police then detain him and try to take him away in a blue minivan while hundreds of people block the street. Finally the supporters free him out of the van. Bespeeching the cameras again, he rails against corruption, against Petro Poroshenko and urges Ukrainians to "be afraid of nothing". ](/news/2017/12/5/as-police-arrive-at-the-stateless-mikheil-saakashvili-s-house-in-kiev-to-detain-him-saakashvili-goes-up-on-the-roof-to-protest-verbally-po.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Mikheil Saakashvili, leader of the opposition Movement of New Forces party who has been stripped of his Ukrainian citizenship by Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko on 26 July 2017, is detained by the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Kiev and deported from Ukraine to Poland. ](/news/2018/02/12/mikheil-saakashvili-leader-of-the-opposition-movement-of-new-forces-party-who-has-been-stripped-of-his-ukrainian-citizenship-by-ukrainian-p.md) _Context: Kiev, Mikheil Saakashvili, Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian crisis_
2. [Several hundred people take part in clashes between Ukrainian police and anti-Petro Poroshenko protesters (led by opposition leader Mikheil Saakashvili) demanding the president's resignation at the October Palace in Kiev. ](/news/2017/12/17/several-hundred-people-take-part-in-clashes-between-ukrainian-police-and-anti-petro-poroshenko-protesters-led-by-opposition-leader-mikheil.md) _Context: Kiev, Mikheil Saakashvili, Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian crisis_
3. [Mikheil Saakashvili is arrested again by the National Police of Ukraine. He was on the run since December 5. He has been leading anti-corruption rallies against Petro Poroshenko. ](/news/2017/12/8/mikheil-saakashvili-is-arrested-again-by-the-national-police-of-ukraine-he-was-on-the-run-since-december-5-he-has-been-leading-anti-corrup.md) _Context: Mikheil Saakashvili, Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian crisis_
4. [Police raid the wrong tent of an activist camp in Kiev and fail to arrest the stateless opposition leader Mikheil Saakashvili. A police source says police are preparing a special operation and will be unleashed "in the near future". ](/news/2017/12/6/police-raid-the-wrong-tent-of-an-activist-camp-in-kiev-and-fail-to-arrest-the-stateless-opposition-leader-mikheil-saakashvili-a-police-sour.md) _Context: Kiev, Mikheil Saakashvili, Ukrainian crisis_
5. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Kiev, Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian crisis_
