### [2012-06-11](/news/2012/06/11/index.md)

# Leveson Inquiry. Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. 

Gordon Brown has categorically denied making an &#034;unbalanced&#034; declaration of war on Rupert Murdoch after losing support of The Sun newspaper.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18386968)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/jun/11/george-osborne-deal-murdoch-nonsense?newsfeed=true)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/gordon-brown/9324162/Gordon-Brown-I-never-declared-war-on-Rupert-Murdoch.html)

### Related:

1. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
2. [Leveson Inquiry:. Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-c.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
3. [Iraq Inquiry. A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
4. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. Rupert Murdoch-controlled tabloid "The Sun", Britain's second biggest selling newspaper, endorses Brexit, saying that the people of UK should "Take back control and BeLeave in Britain". ](/news/2016/06/14/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-rupert-murdoch-controlled-tabloid-the-sun-britain-s-second-biggest-selling-new.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch, The Sun_
5. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
7. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
8. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
9. [News Corporation scandal:. Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/news-corporation-scandal-tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-e.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-kep.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
