### [2016-03-6](/news/2016/03/6/index.md)

# At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). 

At least nine civilians were killed and dozens were wounded on Sunday when mortars and rockets were fired by insurgents on a mainly Kurdish residential quarter in the northern city of Aleppo, the Syrian Kurdish YPG group and a monitor said on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-aleppo-idUKKCN0W80S2)

### Related:

1. [   Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
2. [Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third-of-rebel-controlled-eastern-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
3. [Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. ](/news/2016/07/11/rebels-in-aleppo-launch-an-assault-on-government-controlled-areas-in-the-city-this-comes-after-the-syrian-army-blocked-off-the-only-road-le.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
4. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Aleppo, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
5. [ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-capture-the-village-of-khanasir-according-to-the-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that Turkey has shelled areas held by the Kurdish YPG militia group in Syria's Aleppo Governorate for the second successive day with two YPG fighters reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-turkey-has-shelled-areas-held-by-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-group-in-syria-s-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
7. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
8. [A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pro-government-towns-of-al-fu-ah-and-kafriya-over-10.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al-jineh-near-aleppo-killing-at-least-42-people.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuation-of-the-last-group-of-rebels-to-the-idlib-gover.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
