### [2016-03-6](/news/2016/03/6/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). 

At least nine civilians were killed and dozens were wounded on Sunday when mortars and rockets were fired by insurgents on a mainly Kurdish residential quarter in the northern city of Aleppo, the Syrian Kurdish YPG group and a monitor said on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-aleppo-idUKKCN0W80S2)

### Related:

1. [ Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (November 2016). Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. ](/news/2016/07/11/syrian-civil-war-rebels-in-aleppo-launch-an-assault-on-government-controlled-areas-in-the-city-this-comes-after-the-syrian-army-blocked-of.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Manbij offensive (2016). The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/syrian-civil-war-manbij-offensive-2016-the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about.md) _Context: Aleppo, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Rojava conflict. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that Turkey has shelled areas held by the Kurdish YPG militia group in Syria's Aleppo Governorate for the second successive day with two YPG fighters reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/02/14/syrian-civil-war-rojava-conflict-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-turkey-has-shelled-areas-held-by-the-kurdish-ypg-militi.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing. A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike. An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
