### [2011-09-20](/news/2011/09/20/index.md)

# A bombing attack in the centre of the Turkish capital Ankara kills at least 3 people and injures 34. 

A bombing attack in central Ankara on Tuesday killed three people and wounded at least 34 in the first deadly bombing in Turkey’s capital in more than four years.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/21/world/europe/21turkey.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident. Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
2. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov. Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambass.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
3. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov. The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
4. [March 2016 Ankara bombing. Turkey-s Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/march-2016-ankara-bombing-turkey-s-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-w.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
5. [March 2016 Ankara bombing. An explosion occurs in central Ankara, Turkey, with at least 34 people killed and 125 wounded. ](/news/2016/03/13/march-2016-ankara-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-central-ankara-turkey-with-at-least-34-people-killed-and-125-wounded.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
6. [2015 Ankara bombings. Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group - based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border - is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. ](/news/2015/10/28/2015-ankara-bombings-ankara-s-chief-prosecutor-s-office-says-it-has-strong-evidence-that-an-islamic-state-group-based-in-gaziantep-n.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
7. [2015 Ankara bombings. Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK. ](/news/2015/10/10/2015-ankara-bombings-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
8. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict:. Two people are injured in explosions at Turkey's justice ministry and the headquarters of the governing AK Party in Ankara. ](/news/2013/03/19/kurdish-turkish-conflict-two-people-are-injured-in-explosions-at-turkey-s-justice-ministry-and-the-headquarters-of-the-governing-ak-part.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
9. [2013 United States embassy bombing in Ankara:. The Turkish radical leftist group Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front claims responsibility for the bombing in Ankara. ](/news/2013/02/2/2013-united-states-embassy-bombing-in-ankara-the-turkish-radical-leftist-group-revolutionary-people-s-liberation-party-front-claims-resp.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
10. [2013 United States embassy bombing in Ankara:. A suicide bombing outside the U.S. embassy in the Turkish capital, Ankara, kills at least two people. ](/news/2013/02/1/2013-united-states-embassy-bombing-in-ankara-a-suicide-bombing-outside-the-u-s-embassy-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-kills-at-least-two.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
