### [2011-09-20](/news/2011/09/20/index.md)

# The United States military officially ends its policy known as "don't ask, don't tell" and allows homosexual personnel to publicly declare their sexual orientation without being dismissed. 

At 12:01 a.m. Tuesday, 1st Lt. Josh Seefried, who founded an undercover group of 4,000 gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender active-duty service members, dropped his pseudonym.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/20/us/after-toiling-in-shadows-to-end-dont-ask-dont-tell-1st-lt-josh-seefried-greets-a-new-era.html)

### Related:

1. [US District Court Judge Virginia A. Phillips rules that the United States military's don't ask, don't tell policy violates the First Amendment rights of gay men and lesbians. ](/news/2010/09/9/us-district-court-judge-virginia-a-phillips-rules-that-the-united-states-military-s-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-violates-the-first-amendme.md) _Context: United States military, don't ask, don't tell_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will end the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy against homosexuals serving in the U.S. military. ](/news/2009/10/10/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-end-the-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-against-homosexuals-serving-in-the-u-s-milit.md) _Context: don't ask, don't tell, gay_
3. [A priest is arrested and questioned over an alleged drug-induced gay orgy hosted in his apartment in the Vatican City. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-priest-is-arrested-and-questioned-over-an-alleged-drug-induced-gay-orgy-hosted-in-his-apartment-in-the-vatican-city.md) _Context: gay_
4. [LGBT rights in Indonesia: Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/lgbt-rights-in-indonesia-two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: gay_
5. [Operation Inherent Resolve: The United States military states that it has inadvertently killed 64 civilians in air strikes on targets in Syria and Iraq over the past year. ](/news/2016/11/9/operation-inherent-resolve-the-united-states-military-states-that-it-has-inadvertently-killed-64-civilians-in-air-strikes-on-targets-in-syr.md) _Context: United States military_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians.md) _Context: United States military_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL: While testifying about the United States military-s current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will -Americanize- the conflict. The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials -did little to assuage lawmakers- concerns that the strategy isn-t working.-- At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. ](/news/2015/12/10/military-intervention-against-isil-while-testifying-about-the-united-states-military-s-current-strategy-vice-chairman-of-the-joint-chief.md) _Context: United States military_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-militar.md) _Context: United States military_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-sec.md) _Context: United States military_
10. [Amid the crisis in Ukraine, President of the United States Barack Obama announces the European Reassurance Initiative-a $1bn plan to fund the increase of the United States military presence in Europe and step up defense capabilities of Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia. ](/news/2014/06/3/amid-the-crisis-in-ukraine-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-the-european-reassurance-initiative-a-1bn-plan-to-fund.md) _Context: United States military_
