### [2017-02-18](/news/2017/02/18/index.md)

# China's Ministry of Commerce suspends all coal imports from North Korea until the end of 2017, as part of international sanctions against North Korea over its ballistic missile program. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/china-suspends-north-koreas-coal-imports-striking-at-regimes-financial-lifeline/2017/02/18/8390b0e6-f5df-11e6-a9b0-ecee7ce475fc_story.html?utm_term=.f7f436a2eacf)

### Related:

1. [China's Ministry of Commerce says that it is restricting trade with North Korea, in line with the recent sanctions approved by the United Nations Security Council last March. China will be banning the export of jet fuel and import of gold, some coal and "rare earth metals" used in high-tech goods. ](/news/2016/04/5/china-s-ministry-of-commerce-says-that-it-is-restricting-trade-with-north-korea-in-line-with-the-recent-sanctions-approved-by-the-united-na.md) _Context: China-North Korea relations, Ministry of Commerce, North Korea, People's Republic of China_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea shuts down tourism from China as nuclear tensions mount, but business travel is allowed to continue. ](/news/2013/04/10/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-shuts-down-tourism-from-china-as-nuclear-tensions-mount-but-business-travel-is-allowed-to-continue.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, People's Republic of China_
3. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
4. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report  that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on  the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-tested-near-the-city-of-sinpo-on-the.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
