### [2017-02-18](/news/2017/02/18/index.md)

# SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. 

Elon Musk&#039;s SpaceX will launch a Falcon 9 rocket on Sunday, after postponing a Saturday launch.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/18/watch-spacex-rocket-blasts-off-from-historic-apollo-launchpad.html)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-10_
2. [SpaceX launches a recycled Falcon 9 rocket with a   shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. Dragon 9 first connected with the ISS during a Sept. 21, 2014, mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-recycled-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internationa.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station, SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station, SpaceX_
4. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Falcon 9, Florida, SpaceX_
5. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Falcon 9, Florida, International Space Station_
6. [After months of delays, American company SpaceX successfully launches its unmanned Dragon spacecraft aboard a Falcon 9 rocket, beginning a test mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2012/05/22/after-months-of-delays-american-company-spacex-successfully-launches-its-unmanned-dragon-spacecraft-aboard-a-falcon-9-rocket-beginning-a-t.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station, SpaceX_
7. [ Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' lands at Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, United States, ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2009/07/31/space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-kennedy-space-centre-in-florida-united-states-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: Florida, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
8. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the.md) _Context: Florida, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
9. [ Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' rolls out to launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in preparation for the STS-117 mission to the International Space Station. The rollout is the second for the mission, as ''Atlantis'''s External Tank was damaged during a hailstorm on February 26, leading to the shuttle being rolled back to the Vehicle Assembly Building for repairs. ](/news/2007/05/15/space-shuttle-atlantis-rolls-out-to-launchpad-39a-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-preparation-for-the-sts-117-mission-to-the.md) _Context: Florida, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
10. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
