### [2010-04-11](/news/2010/04/11/index.md)

# Texas Stadium, the former home of the National Football League's Dallas Cowboys, is demolished by implosion. 

Texas Stadium came tumbling down this morning in a planned demolition set off by an 11-year-old boy who won an essay contest.


### Source:

1. [ESPN Dallas](http://sports.espn.go.com/dallas/nfl/news/story?id=5075040)
1. [Cover Image](http://a1.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fi%2Fteamlogos%2Fnfl%2F500%2Fdal.png)

### Related:

1. [Amid criticism of U.S. national anthem protests by U.S. President Donald Trump, some National Football League players and teams react to the controversy by kneeling, linking arms, or skipping game performances of the national anthem. ](/news/2017/09/24/amid-criticism-of-u-s-national-anthem-protests-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-some-national-football-league-players-and-teams-react-to-the.md) _Context: National Football League_
2. [A study, published in the "Journal of the American Medical Association", finds that 99 percent of the brains donated for scientific research by deceased National Football League players show signs of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), the disease identified in autopsies of numerous NFL players who have committed suicide, and the subject of the 2015 movie "Concussion". ](/news/2017/07/25/a-study-published-in-the-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-finds-that-99-percent-of-the-brains-donated-for-scientific-research.md) _Context: National Football League_
3. [Ex National Football League player Darren Sharper is sentenced to 20 years in prison for drugging and raping two women in the American city of Los Angeles, California. Sharper has been accused of attacking a dozen women across the United States. ](/news/2016/11/29/ex-national-football-league-player-darren-sharper-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-for-drugging-and-raping-two-women-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: National Football League_
4. [U.S. District Judge Jane Triche Milazzo sentences former NFL player Darren Sharper to 18 years in prison in rape and drugging case involving as many as 16 women in several U.S. states. ](/news/2016/08/18/u-s-district-judge-jane-triche-milazzo-sentences-former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-to-18-years-in-prison-in-rape-and-drugging-case-involving.md) _Context: National Football League_
5. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: National Football League_
6. [Detroit, a city in which property values are among the lowest in the United States, is looking to reverse this. The Detroit Land Bank Authority is demolishing structures that are beyond repair and auction (bids start at $1,000) ones that are salvageable. ](/news/2015/11/27/detroit-a-city-in-which-property-values-are-among-the-lowest-in-the-united-states-is-looking-to-reverse-this-the-detroit-land-bank-author.md) _Context: demolishing_
7. [Former NFL player Darren Sharper pleads guilty in a Maricopa County, Arizona courtroom to raping two women after spiking their drinks at a Tempe apartment in November 2013, and the court sentences him to nine years in prison. Sharper has also been indicted on charges of sexually assaulting women in the U.S. states of California, Louisiana, and Nevada. ](/news/2015/03/23/former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-pleads-guilty-in-a-maricopa-county-arizona-courtroom-to-raping-two-women-after-spiking-their-drinks-at-a-t.md) _Context: National Football League_
8. [Judge Anita B. Brody of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania approves a preliminary settlement between the National Football League and lawyers for 4,500 former players over damages caused by concussion. ](/news/2014/07/7/judge-anita-b-brody-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eastern-district-of-pennsylvania-approves-a-preliminary-settlement-between.md) _Context: National Football League_
9. [The Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, a tribunal of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, rules 2-1 to cancel several trademarks of the NFL's Washington Redskins on the basis that they were "disparaging to Native Americans." The cancellation will be stayed while the team appeals in federal court, a process likely to take years. ](/news/2014/06/18/the-trademark-trial-and-appeal-board-a-tribunal-of-the-united-states-patent-and-trademark-office-rules-2a1-to-cancel-several-trademarks.md) _Context: National Football League_
10. [American football player Josh Brent of the Dallas Cowboys is arrested for driving while intoxicated and vehicular manslaughter in relation to the death of teammate Jerry Brown. ](/news/2012/12/8/american-football-player-josh-brent-of-the-dallas-cowboys-is-arrested-for-driving-while-intoxicated-and-vehicular-manslaughter-in-relation-t.md) _Context: Dallas Cowboys_
