### [2000-09-16](/news/2000/09/16/index.md)

#  Ukrainian journalist Georgiy Gongadze is last seen alive; this day is taken as the commemoration date of his death.




### Related:

1. [A Ukrainian court sentences a former police chief Olexiy Pukach to life imprisonment for murdering journalist Georgiy Gongadze in 2000. ](/news/2013/01/29/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-a-former-police-chief-olexiy-pukach-to-life-imprisonment-for-murdering-journalist-georgiy-gongadze-in-2000.md) _Context: Georgiy Gongadze, Ukraine_
2. [Ukrainian prosecutors say that former Interior Minister Yuriy Kravchenko ordered the murder of journalist Georgiy Gongadze in 2000. ](/news/2010/09/14/ukrainian-prosecutors-say-that-former-interior-minister-yuriy-kravchenko-ordered-the-murder-of-journalist-georgiy-gongadze-in-2000.md) _Context: Georgiy Gongadze, Ukraine_
3. [ Former interior minister of Ukraine, Yuri Kravchenko, is found dead in his country house, in an apparent suicide. He had been linked to the murder of journalist Georgiy Gongadze and was due to give evidence.  ](/news/2005/03/4/former-interior-minister-of-ukraine-yuri-kravchenko-is-found-dead-in-his-country-house-in-an-apparent-suicide-he-had-been-linked-to-the.md) _Context: Georgiy Gongadze, Ukraine_
4. [ The President of Ukraine, Viktor Yushchenko, announces that suspected killers of a journalist Georgiy Gongadze have been arrested ](/news/2005/03/1/the-president-of-ukraine-viktor-yushchenko-announces-that-suspected-killers-of-a-journalist-georgiy-gongadze-have-been-arrested.md) _Context: Georgiy Gongadze, Ukraine_
5. [ Ukrainian politician Oleksander Moroz sets off the Cassette Scandal by publicly accusing President Leonid Kuchma of involvement in the murder of journalist Georgiy Gongadze.](/news/2000/11/28/ukrainian-politician-oleksander-moroz-sets-off-the-cassette-scandal-by-publicly-accusing-president-leonid-kuchma-of-involvement-in-the-murd.md) _Context: Georgiy Gongadze, Ukraine_
6. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report presenting evidence that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash  facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-presenting-evidence-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liq.md) _Context: Ukraine_
7. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: Ukraine_
8. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: Ukraine_
9. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Ukraine_
10. [Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Ukraine_
