### [1999-05-28](/news/1999/05/28/index.md)

#  In Milan, Italy, after 22 years of restoration work, Leonardo da Vinci's newly-restored masterpiece "The Last Supper" is put back on display.




### Related:

1. [Czartoryski Museum: The Polish government buys the internationally-known Czartoryski collection of art. Based in the city of Krakow and consisting of around 86,000 pieces, this features works by Leonardo da Vinci, Rembrandt and Pierre-Auguste Renoir. ](/news/2016/12/29/czartoryski-museum-the-polish-government-buys-the-internationally-known-czartoryski-collection-of-art-based-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-and-con.md) _Context: Leonardo da Vinci_
2. [2016 Berlin attack: The 24-year-old Tunisian who is suspected of driving the truck that smashed through a Berlin market is killed in a shoot-out in Milan. ](/news/2016/12/23/2016-berlin-attack-the-24-year-old-tunisian-who-is-suspected-of-driving-the-truck-that-smashed-through-a-berlin-market-is-killed-in-a-shoot.md) _Context: Milan_
3. [Singapore Airlines Flight 368: A Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER en-route to Milan's Malpensa Airport makes an emergency landing at Singapore's Changi Airport after the pilots received an engine oil warning message, whereafter the plane's right engine caught fire. Singapore Changi Airport's aircraft rescue and firefighting services extinguished the fire and Singapore Airlines confirmed that all 222 passengers and 19 crew members evacuated safely. ](/news/2016/06/27/singapore-airlines-flight-368-a-singapore-airlines-boeing-777-300er-en-route-to-milan-s-malpensa-airport-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-sing.md) _Context: Milan_
4. [Expo 2015 opens in Milan, Italy, with the theme "Feeding the planet, energy for life" and with 145 countries participating.](/news/2015/05/1/expo-2015-opens-in-milan-italy-with-the-theme-feeding-the-planet-energy-for-life-and-with-145-countries-participating.md) _Context: Milan_
5. [A gunman attacks the Palace of Justice in Milan, killing three people, including a judge. A fourth person found dead at the scene apparently died from a heart attack.](/news/2015/04/9/a-gunman-attacks-the-palace-of-justice-in-milan-killing-three-people-including-a-judge-a-fourth-person-found-dead-at-the-scene-apparently.md) _Context: Milan_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: Milan_
7. [The veteran Italian actress Franca Rame, also known as the wife and muse of Dario Fo and mother of Jacopo Fo, dies in Milan at the age of 83. Dario Fo dedicated his 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature to her. ](/news/2013/05/29/the-veteran-italian-actress-franca-rame-also-known-as-the-wife-and-muse-of-dario-fo-and-mother-of-jacopo-fo-dies-in-milan-at-the-age-of-83.md) _Context: Milan_
8. [A Ghanaian national goes on a spree attack with a pickaxe in Milan, Italy killing a passerby and wounding four others in an apparently random attack. ](/news/2013/05/11/a-ghanaian-national-goes-on-a-spree-attack-with-a-pickaxe-in-milan-italy-killing-a-passerby-and-wounding-four-others-in-an-apparently-rando.md) _Context: Milan_
9. [NASA scientists beam a picture of Leonardo da Vinci's masterpiece, the "Mona Lisa", to Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, a spacecraft orbiting the Moon, marking a first in laser communication. ](/news/2013/01/18/nasa-scientists-beam-a-picture-of-leonardo-da-vinci-s-masterpiece-the-mona-lisa-to-lunar-reconnaissance-orbiter-a-spacecraft-orbiting-t.md) _Context: Leonardo da Vinci_
10. [Two people are shot dead at close range in the center of Milan. Hours later, another shooting in plain view shakes the financial capital of Italy. ](/news/2012/09/11/two-people-are-shot-dead-at-close-range-in-the-center-of-milan-hours-later-another-shooting-in-plain-view-shakes-the-financial-capital-of.md) _Context: Milan_
