### [2001-02-6](/news/2001/02/6/index.md)

#  Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon wins election as Prime Minister of Israel.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud Party_
2. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, survives a major leadership challenge within the Likud Party. The proposal, which would have ordered the next Party Leader election be held in October 2005 rather than April 2006, is voted down by the party's Central Committee, 48% to 52%. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050927/ap_on_re_mi_ea/israel_palestinians;_ylt=AqUsWHAysiaRl2IWDnsIPX6s0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3b2NibDltBHNlYwM3MTY- (Yahoo!News)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-survives-a-major-leadership-challenge-within-the-likud-party-the-proposal-which-would-have-or.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud Party_
3. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is taken home from hospital still in a comatose state. ](/news/2010/11/12/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-taken-home-from-hospital-still-in-a-comatose-state.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is admitted to the intensive care unit of the Sheba Medical Center near Tel Aviv with a chest infection. ](/news/2006/11/4/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-admitted-to-the-intensive-care-unit-of-the-sheba-medical-center-near-tel-aviv-with-a-chest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon undergoes emergency surgery due to digestive problems. His condition is critical. ](/news/2006/02/11/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-undergoes-emergency-surgery-due-to-digestive-problems-his-condition-is-critical.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon has started breathing independently after doctors reduced the inflow of anaesthetic drugs in an attempt to waken the prime minister from deep sedation. ](/news/2006/01/9/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-has-started-breathing-independently-after-doctors-reduced-the-inflow-of-anaesthetic-drugs-in-an-a.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [ The prime minister of Israel Ariel Sharon has been transferred to a radiography theater to undergo a CT scan to determine the level of pressure on his brain. ](/news/2006/01/7/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-has-been-transferred-to-a-radiography-theater-to-undergo-a-ct-scan-to-determine-the-level-of-pres.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon successfully undergoes a third round of surgery to correct a rise in cranial pressure. ](/news/2006/01/6/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-successfully-undergoes-a-third-round-of-surgery-to-correct-a-rise-in-cranial-pressure.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
