### [2017-06-18](/news/2017/06/18/index.md)

# Iran says it fires ground-to-ground missiles from western Iran to militant targets in Deir ez-Zor, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. 

American forces have shot down a Syrian government fighter jet accused of attacking Kurdish-led troops fighting Isis. US Central Command said the SU-22 dropped bombs near the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), who are being supported by the US-led coalition as they advance on the terrorist stronghold of Raqqa.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/iran/1.796422)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-usa-idUSKBN1990XI)
3. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/syria-war-latest-us-shoots-down-regime-assad-fighter-jet-bombed-attacked-coalition-sdf-isis-raqqa-a7796511.html)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [   At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-near-aleppo-syria-this-is-the-largest-single-d.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ISIL militants abduct at least 400 civilians from the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/17/isil-militants-abduct-at-least-400-civilians-from-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zor.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution-to-syria-s-four-year-civil-war-that-has-killed.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War:Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/syrian-civil-war-pfriends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war:The Syrian government states that it has repelled a major attack on an air base near Aleppo; 341 detainees are released across the country. Rebels claim the capture of an airforce building in Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2012/09/1/syrian-civil-war-pthe-syrian-government-states-that-it-has-repelled-a-major-attack-on-an-air-base-near-aleppo-341-detainees-are-released-ac.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war: Saeed Jalili, a senior Iranian official, reaffirms the Iranian government's support for the Syrian government throughout the crisis. ](/news/2012/08/7/syrian-civil-war-saeed-jalili-a-senior-iranian-official-reaffirms-the-iranian-government-s-support-for-the-syrian-government-throughout-t.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
